NoList: 1609

SuchAs: 379

Including: 9

1
Internet Start served as the default home page for Internet Explorer and offered basic information such as news , weather , sports , stocks , entertainment reports , links to other websites on the Internet , articles by Microsoft staff members , and software updates for Windows 8 .

Start served reports

2
The new website put MSN in direct competition with sites such as Yahoo! and Go Network .

website put Yahoo!

3
The consonant r is rare though existent in Chinook Jargon , and English language and French language loan words , such as rice and merci , have changed in their adoption to the Jargon , to lice and mahsie , respectively .

4
Critical theory such as Theodor Adorno and Zygmunt Bauman propose that modernity or industrialization represents a departure from the central tenets of the Enlightenment in Western secular tradition and towards nefarious processes of social alienation , such as commodity fetishism and the Holocaust  .

theory propose Adorno

theory propose Bauman

theory propose fetishism

theory propose Holocaust

5
The concept has also been identified in classical Greek drama , Roman satire , and Renaissance literature such as Don Quixote and the picaresque rogue .

null Quixote

null rogue

6
The term Antihero was first used as early as 1714 , emerging in works such as Rameau's Nephew in the 18th century , and is also used more broadly to cover Byronic hero as well .

null Nephew

7
Literary Romanticism in the 19th century helped popularize new forms of the Antihero , such as the Gothic double .

Literary helped double

8
The Antihero became prominent in early 20th century Existentialism works such as Franz Kafka 's The Metamorphosis  , Jean-Paul Sartre 's Nausea (novel)   , and Albert Camus ' The Stranger (novel)   .

Antihero became Metamorphosis

9
The American Antihero of the 1950s and 1960s  was typically more proactive than his French counterpart ; with characters such as Jack Kerouac 's Dean Moriarty famously taking to the road to vanquish his ennui .

Antihero was proactive Moriarty

10
In other works Bernard Lewis argued Arab rage against Israel was disproportionate to other tragedies or injustices in the Muslim world , such as the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan and control of Muslim-majority land in Central Asia , the bloody and destructive fighting during the Hama massacre  , the Algerian civil war  , and the Iran–Iraq War  .

Lewis was argued invasion

Lewis was argued control

11
As the chief litigator for the Women 's Rights Project , Ruth Bader Ginsburg briefed and argued several landmark cases in front of the Supreme Court , such as Reed v. Reed , 404 U.S. 71  , wherein the Court extended the protections of the Equal Protection Clause to women for the first time .

Ginsburg briefed Reed

Ginsburg briefed Reed

12
In those hearings , Ruth Bader Ginsburg did not answer questions involving matters such as Abortion in the United States , LGBT rights in the United States , Separation of church and state in the United States , and disability rights .

Ginsburg answer Abortion

13
Most of the health services are supported by UN International agency and international organizations such as WHO , UNICEF , SRCS , COOPI , MERLIN , WORLD VISION , CDP , and PSI .

14
The Northern Paiute community thrived upon a subsistence pattern of foraging and augmenting their diets with fish , pine nuts , wild game , and foraging for roots such as Cyperus esculentus .

community thrived esculentus

15
Martin Carthy Order of the British Empire  is an English folk music singer and guitarist who has remained one of the most influential figures in British traditional music , inspiring contemporaries such as Bob Dylan and Paul Simon and later artists such as Richard Thompson (musician) since Martin Carthy emerged as a young musician in the early days of the folk revival .

Order is singer Dylan

Order is singer Simon

Order is singer Thompson

16
Semi-regulars were dwarf actor David Rappaport who played characters such as Green Nigel '  and the Fonzie-like Shades , Emil Wolk and puppeteer Trevor East Sally James (presenter) with a giant parrot , presumably to fill the void left by Bob Carolgees .

Semi-regulars were Rappaport Nigel

Semi-regulars were Rappaport Shades

17
Saturday Stayback received much less controversy than O.T.T. , and also introduced new talent such as Phil Cool and Tony Slattery .

Stayback received Cool

Stayback received Slattery

18
Many Swagman interacted with aborigines along their travels ; bushwear designer R.M. Williams spent his latter teen years as a Swagman travelling across the Nullarbor Plain , picking up bushcraft and survival skills from local aboriginal tribes such as cutting Acacia aneura , tracking kangaroos and finding water .

19
The Safari was used in many adventure films such as the Tarzan , Jungle Jim , and Bomba the Jungle Boy film series up to The Naked Prey  where Cornel Wilde , a white hunter , becomes game himself .

Wilde becomes Tarzan

Wilde becomes Jim

Wilde becomes Bomba

20
There are such ensemble examples of the form as the passacaille Les plaisirs ont choisi from Jean-Baptiste Lully 's opera Armide (Lully)  and Dido 's lament , When I am Laid in Earth , in Henry Purcell 's Dido and Aeneas , and others , such as the aria Piango , gemo , sospiro by Antonio Vivaldi , or Usurpator tiranno and Stabat Mater by Giovanni Felice Sances , et al. .

examples are aria

21
Passacaglia for lute have been composed by figures such as Alessandro Piccinini , G. H. Kapsberger , Sylvius Leopold Weiss , Esaias Reusner , Count Logy , Robert de Visée , Jacques Bittner , Philipp Franz Lesage De Richee , Gleitsmann , Dufaut , Gallot , Denis Gaultier , Ennemond Gaultier , and Roman Turovsky-Savchuk , a Passacaglia for bandura by Julian Kytasty , and for baroque guitar by Paulo Galvão , Santiago de Murcia , Francisco Guerau , Gaspar Sanz , and Marcello Vitale .

null Piccinini

null Kapsberger

null Weiss

null Reusner

null Logy

null Visée

null Bittner

null Richee

null Gaultier

null Gaultier

null Turovsky-Savchuk

22
Benjamin Britten also employed the form in smaller vocal forms , such as the Serenade for Tenor, Horn and Strings  and The Holy Sonnets of John Donne  for voice and piano , as well as in purely instrumental compositions , notably in the second and third Cello suites (Britten) , second and third string quartets , the Cello Symphony (Britten) , and the Nocturnal for guitar .

Britten employed Serenade

23
Starting from the compound , non-ruler titles that were attested among Bulgar language noble class such as kavkhan  , tarkhan , and boritarkhan , scholars derive the title khan or kan for the early Bulgar language leader -- if there was a vicekhan  there was probably a full khan , too .

titles derive kavkhan

titles derive tarkhan

titles derive boritarkhan

24
Parts of the Gedo region , such as the Daawo region , have rocky mountains , while red sand is found in all areas and white sand dunes across the Jubba Valley .

Parts have region

25
Predator of Darter are mainly large carnivorous birds , including passerines like the Australian raven  and house crow  , and birds of prey such as marsh harriers  or Pallas's fish eagle  .

Predator are birds harriers

Predator are birds eagle

26
In bipolar disorder , Atypical antipsychotic are most commonly used to rapidly control mania and mixed episodes , often in conjunction with mood stabilizers  such as Lithium (medication) and Sodium valproate .

null Lithium

null valproate

27
Don Norman continued his work to further human centered design by serving on numerous university and government advisory boards such as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency  .

Norman continued Agency

28
Soon , Ralph McTell mastered skiffle classics such as Do n't You Rock Me , Daddy-O , and by his second year at school , Ralph McTell formed a skiffle band .

29
Ralph McTell was persuaded to join a Bluegrass music-influenced band called the Hickory Nuts , who performed all over England and , despite playing in some dire places for pin money early on , ended up with decent fees and respectable crowds in venues such as Croydon 's Fairfield Halls .

Bluegrass performed Halls

30
For his up close tour in September 2006 , Blind Willie McTell performed a set billed as Bob Dylan , Woody Guthrie and The Country Blues ' , featuring his covers of songs by Woody Guthrie , Bob Dylan and black American blues artists such as Big Bill Broonzy .

McTell performed Broonzy

31
Austin Robertson, Jr. managed several high profile Australian cricketers such as Dennis Lillee .

Jr. managed Lillee

32
The team captained by Eddie Barlow was made of recently retired cricketers , such as Rohan Kanhai , David Holford and Ian Redpath and occasionally young Australians such as Trevor Chappell .

null Kanhai

null Holford

null Redpath

null Australians

null Chappell

33
In the Australian team , there was a division between the players who stayed loyal to the official XI and the Frank Packer rebels , especially between players such as Dennis Lillee , Rod Marsh , former WSC players and Kim Hughes who stuck with the official side .

division was Lillee

division was Marsh

division was players

division was Hughes

34
The lyrics of several entries celebrated the revolution and democratisation that had occurred in central and eastern Europe in the preceding months , focusing especially on the fall of the Berlin Wall in November Eurovision Song Contest 1989 , such as in the Brandenburger Tor (song) and Keine Mauern mehr entries .

35
One such recording from WCBS-TV in New York City featured anchor Rolland Smith teasing a story on fighting the frizzies for that night 's 11 p.m. news , an ID which itself has gained popularity over the years on the Internet and television shows such as South Park .

recording featured Park

36
The Wookiee planet of Kashyyyk is featured in various novels , comic books , and video games , including , the cartoon micro-series known as , and video games such as , , , , Star Wars Galactic Battlegrounds , and .

37
Native Americans in the United States refugees from northern wars , such as the Yuchi and Yamasee after the Yamasee War in South Carolina , migrated into Florida in the early 18th century .

Americans migrated Yuchi

Americans migrated Yamasee

38
Contemporary southeastern Native Americans in the United States tribes , such as the Seminole and Muscogee Creek , still practice these ceremonies .

Americans practice Creek

39
Presbyterians and Methodists , as well as congregationalist religious bodies such as Unitarian Universalism , often include congregational singing , readings , and a period of silent meditation , contemplation , or prayer .

Presbyterians include Universalism

40
While Beetle Bailey 's unit is Company A , one running gag is that the characters are variously seen in different branches of the Army , such as artillery , Armoured warfare , infantry and Paratrooper .

unit is A artillery

unit is A warfare

unit is A infantry

unit is A Paratrooper

41
While the Model 1777 was used in the American Revolutionary War , it was generally only used by French people French Army who served on American soil , such as those under the command of Jean-Baptiste Donatien de Vimeur, comte de Rochambeau .

Army served those

42
One sequence emphasizes the adventures during the 1970s of psychic investigator Richard Jeperson ; the stories homage various aspects of 1970s British society , through adventures reminiscent of '70s television series such as The Avengers (TV series) and Department S (TV series) .

sequence emphasizes Avengers

sequence emphasizes S

43
Because they are the states that traditionally hold their respective contests first , the Iowa caucus and the New Hampshire primary usually attract the most media attention ; however , critics , such as Mississippi Secretary of State Eric Clark and Tennessee Senator Bill Brock Bill Brock , point out that these states are not representative of the United States as a whole : they are overwhelmingly white  , more rural , and wealthier than the national average , and neither is in the fast-growing Western United States or Southern United States .

they is states Secretary

they is states Brock

44
In its appendix of references , the XSD specification acknowledges the influence of Document Type Definition and other early XML schema efforts such as DDML , Schema for Object-Oriented XML , XML-Data , and XDR Schema .

specification acknowledges DDML

specification acknowledges Schema

specification acknowledges XML-Data

specification acknowledges Schema

45
The use of Basque language  terminology in the present territory of Colombia goes back to the early exploration occurred in 1499 , during the Voyages of Christopher Columbus , it is said that from that time the territory experienced a strong presence of Basques including prominent figures such as the pilot and geographer Juan de la Cosa , nicknamed El Vizcaino  .

use goes pilot

use goes Cosa

46
Trevor Francis introduced players with top-level experience such as Manchester United F.C. skipper Steve Bruce .

Francis introduced Bruce

47
Since 2006 , the forest has been used as an open air music venue as part of the Forestry Commission nationwide Forest Tour , with acts such as The Zutons , The Feeling , Status Quo  and Jools Holland playing in a forest clearing .

null Zutons

null The

null Quo

null Holland

48
According to the biblical account , Samson was given supernatural strength by God in order to combat his enemies and perform heroic feats such as killing a lion , slaying an entire army with only the mandible of an Asinus , and destroying Canaanite religion .

49
This idea is not new : C. I. Lewis was led to invent modal logic , and specifically strict implication , on the grounds that classical logic grants paradoxes of material implication such as the principle that Vacuous truth .

idea is new principle

50
Business rule can be expressed using modeling approaches such as Unified Modeling Language , Z notation , Business Process Execution Language , Business Process Modeling Notation , Decision Model and Notation or the Semantics of Business Vocabulary and Business Rules  .

approaches Process Language

51
According to Pierre Gilliard , There are various explanations for Grigori Rasputin 's ability , such as that Grigori Rasputin hypnotized Alexei Nikolaevich, Tsarevich of Russia , administered herbs to him , or that his advice to the Tsarina not to let the doctors bother Alexei Nikolaevich, Tsarevich of Russia too much aided the boy 's healing .

52
Epiphyte , such as Bromeliaceae , Spanish moss  , Orchidaceae and ferns grow on the branches and trunks of cypress trees .

53
It told a brief history of the franchise from its radio days to the CBS series , and featured interviews with then-surviving cast members , as well as then-popular black television stars , such as Redd Foxx and Marla Gibbs , reflecting on the show 's impact on their careers .

54
Asymptomatic or subclinical infection carriers are now known to be a common feature of many infectious diseases , especially viruses such as polio , herpes simplex , HIV , and hepatitis C.

null be polio

null be simplex

null be HIV

null be C.

55
A Musket Cartridge (firearms) consisted of a pre-measured amount of black powder and ammunition such as a round ball , Nessler ball or Minié ball all wrapped up in paper .

Cartridge consisted ball

Cartridge consisted ball

Cartridge consisted ball

56
Flintlocks from the Napoleonic Wars such as the Brown Bess or Charleville musket are common , as are many of the Musket  used during the American Civil War .

Flintlocks are common Bess

Flintlocks are common musket

57
Modern Musket designs are also available , such as those made by Thompson Center , though they are often just called Muzzle (firearms) loaders or black powder rifles instead of Musket .

58
Many of Martin Luther hymns were later harmonized for multiple voices by other composers , and were also used in other polyphonic music such as the cantatas of Johann Sebastian Bach .

null cantatas

59
In Islam , Veneration is practiced by sects such as the Shia Islam and Sufism , and in many parts of Southeast Asia , along with Folk religion , which often incorporates local beliefs and practices .

religion incorporates Islam

religion incorporates Sufism

60
Now , the Catholic Church tradition has a well established philosophy for the veneration of the Virgin Mary via the field of Mariology with Pontifical schools such as the Marianum specifically devoted to this task .

tradition has Marianum

61
While Umkhonto we Sizwe were able to rebuild an army -- one capable of attacking prestigious targets such as the refineries at Sasolburg  -- the force also suffered from appalling breakdowns of discipline and there were many accusations that many new recruits were being tortured or killed by an excessive physical training regime , such as forcing recruits to run 25 kilometres without resting or lifting weights as heavy as 150 kilograms .

Umkhonto being able refineries

62
The Sunday roast is a traditional British cuisine and Irish main meal that is traditionally served on Sunday , consisting of roasted meat , Potato or mashed potato , with accompaniments such as Yorkshire pudding , stuffing , vegetables and gravy .

roast is cuisine pudding

roast is cuisine stuffing

roast is cuisine vegetables

roast is cuisine gravy

63
In advanced mathematics , some Function (mathematics) exist because of an axiom , such as the Axiom of Choice .

Function exist Axiom

64
Even though enclosed , dome Stadium are called Stadium because they are large enough for , and designed for , what are generally considered to be outdoor sports such as athletics , American football , association football , Rugby football , and baseball .

they be large athletics

they be large football

they be large football

they be large football

they be large baseball

65
Poor Stadium design has contributed to disasters , such as the Hillsborough disaster and the Heysel Stadium disaster .

design contributed disaster

design contributed disaster

66
Also , many new European football Stadium , such as the Reebok Stadium and Emirates Stadium in England and Westfalenstadion and Allianz Arena in Germany have been corporately named .

null Stadium

null Stadium

null Arena

67
Also important was the use of large Stadium for United States tours by bands in the later 1960s , such as The Rolling Stones , Grand Funk Railroad and Led Zeppelin .

tours was use Stones

tours was use Railroad

tours was use Zeppelin

68
In addition to source compatibility with Qt (framework) , the Harmony project also aimed to add functionality such as multi-threaded applications and pluggable themes , features that Qt (framework) itself later added .

project features applications

project features themes

69
The lyrics of Christianity spirituals reference symbolic aspects of Biblical images such as Moses and Israel 's The Exodus from Egypt in songs such as Michael Row the Boat Ashore .

lyrics reference Moses

lyrics reference Boat

70
Among the dominant trends in the Post-Painterly Abstraction are Hard-edge painting such as Ellsworth Kelly and Frank Stella who explored relationships between tightly ruled shapes and edges , in Frank Stella 's case , between the shapes depicted on the surface and the literal shape of the support and Color Field such as Helen Frankenthaler and Morris Louis , who stained first Magna paint then water-based acrylic paints into unprimed canvas , exploring tactile and optical aspects of large , vivid fields of pure , open color .

Abstraction are painting Kelly

Abstraction are painting Stella

Abstraction are painting Frankenthaler

Abstraction are painting Louis

71
For specialized applications , NoSQL architectures such as Google 's BigTable can further enhance scalability .

architectures enhance BigTable

72
This film is famous for the range of cinematic techniques Dziga Vertov invents , deploys or develops , such as Multiple exposure , Time-lapse , slow motion , Freeze frame shot , jump cuts , Split screen (film) , Dutch angle , extreme close-ups , tracking shots , footage played backwards , stop motion and self-reflexive visuals  .

73
Each of its members were seasoned veterans of the music industry before Haruomi Hosono formed the band as a one-off exploration of computerized exotica , initially paying tribute to performers such as Les Baxter and Martin Denny while also parodying Western culture conceptions of the orient .

Each were veterans Baxter

Each were veterans Denny

74
Prior to the group 's formation , Ryuichi Sakamoto had been Experimental music with Electronic musical instrument at the Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music , which he entered in 1970 , including synthesizers such as the Buchla , Moog synthesizer , and ARP Instruments, Inc. .

Sakamoto been music Buchla

Sakamoto been music synthesizer

Sakamoto been music Instruments

75
The band was initially conceived as a one-off studio project by Haruomi Hosono , the other two members being recruited session musicians -- the idea was to produce an album fusing orientalist exotica with modern electronics , as a subversion of Orientalism and exoticization , while exploring similar themes such as Asian people .

idea was people

76
Yellow Magic Orchestra also popularized a style of Concert that eschewed human movement in favour of electronics such as Drum machine and Sampler (musical instrument) .

Orchestra popularized machine

Orchestra popularized Sampler

77
Yellow Magic Orchestra are considered pioneers in the field of popular electronic music , and continue to be remixed or Sampling (music) by modern artists , including experimental artist Yamantaka Eye , electronica group LFO  , Drum and bass band 4hero , electrolatino artist Uwe Schmidt , Ambient music House music pioneers The Orb and 808 State , electronic music groups Orbital  and The Human League , hip hop pioneer Afrika Bambaataa , and mainstream pop musicians such as Michael Jackson , Quincy Jones , Greg Phillinganes , Eric Clapton , Mariah Carey , and Jennifer Lopez .

Orchestra continue Jackson

Orchestra continue Jones

Orchestra continue Phillinganes

Orchestra continue Clapton

Orchestra continue Carey

Orchestra continue Lopez

78
Yellow Magic Orchestra continued to influence later techno musicians such as Surgeon (musician) , Mike Paradinas , and Harald Blüchel .

Orchestra continued musician

Orchestra continued Paradinas

Orchestra continued Blüchel

79
In the 1990s , Yellow Magic Orchestra had an impact on Ambient music House music pioneers such as The Orb and 808 State , as well as Ultramarine (band) and other ambient/house artists .

Orchestra had Orb

Orchestra had State

80
The band 's use of oriental Musical film scales and Video game music has continued to be an influence on 21st-century electronica acts such as Dizzee Rascal , Kieran Hebden , and Ikonika .

use be continued Rascal

use be continued Hebden

use be continued Ikonika

81
They influenced many early British synthpop acts , including Ultravox , John Foxx , Gary Numan , Duran Duran , Depeche Mode , Camouflage (band) , Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark , The Human League , Visage (band) , and Art of Noise , as well as American rock musicians such as Todd Rundgren .

They influenced Rundgren

82
The song was also later included in Playgroup  's compilation album Kings of Electro  , alongside later Electro music classics such as Hashim Music 's Al-Nafyish  .

null Al-Nafyish

83
They also inspired early Ambient music techno artists such as Tetsu Inoue , and the classical music composer Joe Hisaishi .

They inspired Inoue

84
Many rivers spring from this area -- the most important being the Chicamocha River and Arauca River and tributaries to other important rivers such as the Magdalena River and Meta River .

null River

null River

85
Iceland achieved its overall aims , to the detriment of the already declining British fisheries , severely affecting the economies of northern fishing ports in the United Kingdom , such as Grimsby , Kingston upon Hull , and Fleetwood .

Iceland achieved Grimsby

86
While Steve Winwood was still a pupil at the Great Barr School , Steve Winwood was a part of the Birmingham rhythm and blues scene , playing the Hammond Organ and guitar , backing blues singers such as Muddy Waters , John Lee Hooker , T-Bone Walker , Howlin' Wolf , B.B. King , Sonny Boy Williamson II , Eddie Boyd , Otis Spann , Chuck Berry and Bo Diddley on their United Kingdom tours , the custom at that time being for US singers to travel solo and be backed by pickup bands .

Winwood was pupil Waters

Winwood was pupil Hooker

Winwood was pupil Walker

Winwood was pupil King

Winwood was pupil II

Winwood was pupil Boyd

Winwood was pupil Spann

Winwood was pupil Berry

Winwood was pupil Diddley

87
This partnership was the source of most of Traffic (band) 's material , including popular songs such as Paper Sun and The Low Spark of High-Heeled Boys (song) , and outlived the band , producing several songs for Steve Winwood and Jim Capaldi 's solo albums .

partnership was material Sun

partnership was material Spark

88
Compression artifact occur in many common media such as DVD , common computer file formats such as JPEG , MP3 , or MPEG files , and some alternatives to the compact disc , such as Sony MiniDisc format .

artifact occur DVD

artifact occur JPEG

artifact occur MP3

artifact occur files

artifact occur format

89
Propranolol is marketed in India under brand names such as Ciplar and Ciplar LA by Cipla , also other brands from AstraZeneca and Wyeth under brand names Inderal , Inderal LA , Avlocardyl , Deralin , Dociton , Inderalici , InnoPran XL , Sumial , Anaprilinum , and Bedranol SR  .

null LA

null Anaprilinum

null SR

90
National Educational Television ceased to operate as a separate network from that point , although some NET-branded programming , such as National Educational Television Journal , remained part of the PBS schedule for another couple of years before the brand was finally retired .

Television ceased Journal

91
Some programs that began their runs on National Educational Television , such as Washington Week and Sesame Street , continue to air on PBS today .

programs began Week

programs began Street

92
Tourist attractions include natural features such as the Creux du Van , lookout peaks such as the Chasseral , caves such as the Grottes de l'Orbe , and Canyon such as Taubenloch .

attractions include Van

attractions include Chasseral

attractions include l'Orbe

attractions include Canyon

attractions include Taubenloch

93
Under the International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants , other infraspecific ranks , such as Variety (botany)  may be named .

null Variety

94
In botany , Subspecies is one of many ranks below that of species , such as Variety (botany) , subvariety , form  , and subform .

Subspecies is one botany

95
An Infraspecific name (botany) includes the species binomial , and one infraspecific epithet , such as Subspecies or Variety (botany) .

name includes Subspecies

name includes botany

96
These contributions are usually credited to outside collaborators , but in the Spin (magazine) interview as well as a letter to DJ Irwin Chusid the artist admitted to having overdubbed parts himself on occasion , such as on the album The Rocks Crumble .

artist admitted album

97
For them the questions regarding Jandek 's true identity , such as whether or not Jandek is Jandek , are completely irrelevant .

questions are irrelevant whether

questions are irrelevant not

98
In this campaign , Augustus erected monuments such as the Ara Pacis , the Altar of Peace , showing the Roman Emperor and his family worshiping the gods .

Augustus erected Pacis

99
Critics have used the term perpetual war in reference to War as metaphor , such as the War on Drugs , War on Poverty , War on Cancer , Lou Dobbs 's War on the Middle Class , or the War on Terrorism , the War on Women , or Bill O'Reilly (political commentator) 's War on Christmas .

Critics used War

Critics used War

Critics used War

Critics used War

Critics used War

100
Some people , such as the following authors , have inferred , insinuated , or suggested that entering a state of perpetual war becomes progressively easier in a modern Democracy republic , such as the United States , due to the development of a relationship network between people who wield political and economic power also owning capital in companies that financially profit from war , lobby for war , and influence public opinion of war through influence of mass media outlets that control the presentation for the causes of war , the effects of war , and the Censorship of war :  The Iron Triangle : Inside the Secret World of the Carlyle Group  by Dan Briody ;  The Pentagon Labyrinth : 10 Short Essays to Help You Through It  an anthology by nine authors who are Pierre M. Sprey , , Franklin C. Spinney , Bruce I. Gudmundsson , Col. G. I. Wilson , Col. Chet Richards , Andrew Cockburn , Thomas Christie , and Winslow T. Wheeler ;  Prophets of War : Lockheed Martin and the Making of the Military-Industrial Complex  , by William D. Hartung ;  Media Control , Second Edition : The Spectacular Achievements of Propaganda  , by Noam Chomsky ; and  Manufacturing Consent : The Political Economy of the Mass Media  , by Edward S. Herman and Noam Chomsky .

101
Aspects of any given empire , such as the British Empire and its relation to its domestic businesses that were owned by a wealthy minority of individuals , such as the East India Company , the Hudson's Bay Company , and De Beers , manifest an observed relationship between a minority of individuals influencing Empire or State policy , such as the Child's War in India , the Anglo-Mysore Wars in India , the Anglo-French conflicts on Hudson Bay in Canada , and the Second Boer War in South Africa , follow a pattern where the Empire allocates resources pursuing and sustaining policies that financially profit the Empire 's domestic business 's owners .

Aspects follow Empire

Aspects follow relation

Aspects follow Company

Aspects follow War

102
Higher-ranking monsignors are given the title of honorary Prelate of H. H. In some countries such as Germany ; they are addressed as Mr. Prelate while regular Prelate are addressed with their other titles and respective courteous forms , such as Mr. Bishop , Your Lordship etc. .

null Germany

null Bishop

103
Íngrid Betancourt has received multiple international awards , such as the Légion d'honneur .

Betancourt received d'honneur

104
Íngrid Betancourt also met with international heads of state and international personalities such as Secretary General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon , Pope Benedict XVI , King Juan Carlos of Spain and Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero , President Álvaro Uribe of Colombia , President Hugo Chávez of Venezuela and President Cristina Kirchner of Argentina .

Betancourt met General

105
English poetry is rich with examples of assonance : It also occurs in prose : English language hip hop relies on assonance , which is sometimes hard to distinguish from half rhyme : It is also heard in other forms of popular music : Assonance is common in proverbs , such as : These proverbs can be a form of short poetry , as in the following Oromo language proverb , which describes someone with a big reputation among those who do not know them well : Note the complete assonance in this Amharic language proverb : linguistics .

106
For the long term , Canada plans to replace the borrowed Leopard 2 tanks with a purchase of 100 surplus vehicles from the Netherlands , including 20 Leopard 1 2A6Ms for combat service , 40 Leopard 1 2A4s for training , and 20 support vehicles , such as Armoured Recovery Vehicle , Bridge-Layers and Armoured Engineer vehicles .

Canada plans vehicles

107
such as an oversized teddy bear that Mr. Snuffleupagus had left behind , or segments in which Mr. Snuffleupagus interacted with other characters , such as a street scene where Mr. Snuffleupagus was seen playing London Bridge Is Falling Down with some of the neighborhood kids .

Snuffleupagus left scene

108
Fall Family Weekend is an opportunity for students ' family members to experience West Virginia University campus life by attending classes , athletic events , college presentations , and student events such as West Virginia University Up All Night .

Weekend is opportunity University

109
The band 's American football pre-game show includes traditions such as the Drumline 's Tunnel and Boogie cadences , the 220?beat per minute run-on cadence to start the performance , marching the WV logo down field to the University fight song , Fight West Virginia Mountaineers , expanding circles during Simple Gifts , and the formation of the state 's outline during Hail, West Virginia .

show includes Tunnel

show includes cadences

110
Some postal systems have resorted to surcharge Overprint when converting to a new national monetary system , such as Postage stamps and postal history of Sierra Leone did when the Commonwealth of Nations converted to decimal currency in the 1960s .

systems resorted stamps

systems resorted history

111
In the 1920s , Economics , such as Paul Nystrom  , proposed that changes in the style of life , made feasible by the economics of the industrial age , had induced to the mass of society a philosophy of futility that would increase the Consumerism of goods and services as a social fashion ; an activity done for its own sake .

Economics proposed Nystrom

112
In the case of exceptionally large Sinkhole , such as the Minyé Sinkhole in Papua New Guinea or Cedar Sink at Mammoth Cave National Park in Kentucky , an underground stream or river may be visible across its bottom flowing from one side to the other .

stream be visible Sinkhole

113
Sinkhole also form from human activity , such as the collapse of abandoned minings and salt cavern storage in salt domes in places like Louisiana , Mississippi and Texas .

Sinkhole form collapse

114
Some Sinkhole form when the land surface is changed , such as when industrial and runoff-storage ponds are created ; the substantial weight of the new material can trigger an underground collapse of supporting material , thus causing a Sinkhole .

115
Work on the second and third submarines , HMS Ambush (S120) and Artful , proceeded well with major milestones such as the closure of HMS Ambush (S120) reactor compartment , demonstrating significant schedule advance compared with Astute .

Work proceeded closure

116
The galleries display both scientific exhibits such as John Logie Baird 's original apparatus and television ephemera such as Wallace and Gromit and the Play School (UK TV series) toys .

galleries display apparatus

galleries display ephemera

galleries display Wallace

galleries display Gromit

117
Developed by the Mikoyan design bureau as an air superiority fighter during the 1970s , the MiG-29 , along with the larger Sukhoi Su-27 , was developed to counter new American fighters such as the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle , and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon .

null Eagle

118
The Federation of American Scientists claims the MiG-29 is equal to , or better than the F-15C in some areas such as short aerial engagements because of the Helmet mounted display  and better maneuverability at slow speeds .

Federation is claims engagements

119
Some promising suspects were cleared , and the Mole (espionage) hunt found other penetrations such as CIA officer Harold James Nicholson .

hunt found Nicholson

120
The M4 Sherman  and British tanks such as the Centurion tank , Churchill tank , and Cromwell tank also entered the war .

M4 entered tank

M4 entered tank

M4 entered tank

121
German military intelligence in World War II referred to the two main production families as T-34 / 76 and T-34 / 85 , with subvariants receiving letter designations such as T-34 / 76A -- this nomenclature has been widely used in the West , especially in popular literature .

intelligence referred T-34

122
In many World War II films , such as Saving Private Ryan , The Battle of Neretva , and Kelly's Heroes , T-34-85 tanks were modified to resemble Tiger I tanks , due to the rarity of the latter vehicle .

null Ryan

123
The Sumptuariae Leges of Ancient Rome were various laws passed to prevent inordinate expense  in banquets and dress , such as the use of expensive Tyrian purple dye .

Leges were laws use

124
He suggests that consumption levels of Luxury good such as tea , sugar , fine silk , tobacco and eating utensils were on a par with Core-periphery in Europe until industrial expansion .

He were suggests silk

He were suggests tobacco

He were suggests eating

125
The groups covered included Jew , Muslims , Heresy such as Cathar  , lepers and sufferers from some other medical conditions , and prostitutes .

groups covered Cathar

126
Fiona Stanley 's research also includes strategies to enhance health and well-being in populations ; the causes and prevention of birth defects and major neurological disorders such as cerebral palsy ; the causes and lifelong consequences of low birth weight ; and patterns of maternal and child health in Indigenous Australians and Caucasian populations .

research includes palsy

127
Patti LaBelle 's success has extended as an actress with a notable role in the film , A Soldier's Story , and in TV shows such as A Different World and .

success extended World

128
As lead singer of the idiosyncratic group Labelle , Patti LaBelle has been called one of the pioneers of the disco movement due to singles such as Lady Marmalade and Messin With My Mind .

null Marmalade

129
While the details and chronology vary , most biographies mention Adi Shankara traveling widely within India , Gujarat to Bengal , and participating in public philosophical debates with different orthodox schools of Hindu philosophy , as well as heterodox traditions such as Buddhists , Jains , Arhatas , Saugatas , and Carvakas .

details vary Buddhists

details vary Jains

details vary Arhatas

details vary Saugatas

details vary Carvakas

130
Adi Shankara is also widely credited with commentaries on other scriptural works , such as the Vishnu sahasranama and the Sanatsujatiya , but both these are considered apocryphal by scholars who have expressed doubts .

scholars expressed sahasranama

scholars expressed Sanatsujatiya

131
Adi Shankara , in his text Upadesasahasri , discourages ritual Puja (Hinduism) such as oblations to Deva  , because that assumes the Self within is different from the Brahman .

Shankara is discourages oblations

132
However , Adi Shankara also asserts that Self-knowledge is realized when one 's mind is purified by an ethical life that observes Yamas such as Ahimsa  and Niyama .

Shankara asserts Ahimsa

Shankara asserts Niyama

133
Adi Shankara emphasizes the need for ethics such as Akrodha and Yamas during Brahmacharya , stating the lack of ethics as causes that prevent students from attaining knowledge .

Shankara emphasizes Akrodha

Shankara emphasizes Yamas

134
Many of Adi Shankara 's biographies were created and published in and after 14th century , such as the widely cited Vidyaranya 's ?ankara-vijaya .

null widely

135
It may be these circumstances , suggest scholars , that grew and credited Adi Shankara for various Hindu festive traditions such as the Kumbh Mela -- one of the world 's largest periodic religious pilgrimages .

It be circumstances Mela

136
Clarithromycin may double the level of carbamazepine in the body by reducing its clearance , which may lead to toxic symptoms of carbamazepine , such as Diplopia Ataxia , nausea , as well as hyponatremia .

Clarithromycin double Ataxia

137
Before the line closures of the Beeching Axe , the lines to Buxton railway station and via Millers Dale railway station during most years presented an alternate  Manchester, Buxton, Matlock and Midlands Junction Railway from London to Manchester , carrying named expresses such as The Palatine .

138
Express trains to Leeds and Scotland such as the Thames-Clyde Express mainly used the Midland 's corollary Erewash Valley Line , returned to it then used the Settle-Carlisle Railway .

trains used Express

139
Expresses to Edinburgh Waverley railway station , such as The Waverley travelled through Corby and Nottingham .

140
The city is an important educational centre in the state of Tamil Nadu , and houses nationally recognised institutions such as the Indian Institute of Management Tiruchirappalli  , Bharathidasan Institute of Management  , Indian Institute of Information Technology, Srirangam  and National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli  .

city is centre Institute

141
After independence in 1947 , Tiruchirappalli fell behind other cities such as Salem, Tamil Nadu and Coimbatore in terms of growth .

Tiruchirappalli fell Tamil

Tiruchirappalli fell Nadu

Tiruchirappalli fell Coimbatore

142
Tiruchirappalli was home to some of the prominent Carnatic musicians -- including Lalgudi Jayaraman , Srirangam Kannan and A. P. J. Abdul Kalam K. C. Rajagopalachari Natarajan -- and scholars such as T. K. Ramamoorthy S. Murugesan Pillai , Kundalam Rangachariar and K. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam P. Madhuri Viswanatham .

Tiruchirappalli was home Pillai

Tiruchirappalli was home Rangachariar

Tiruchirappalli was home Viswanatham

143
Preterists believe that Bible Prophecy -- such as the Second Coming , the desecration of the Second Temple , the destruction of Jerusalem , the Antichrist , the Great Tribulation , the advent of The Day of the Lord , and a Last Judgment -- had been fulfilled when the Romans destruction of Jerusalem and destroyed its Second Temple .

Preterists believe Coming

144
Mirza Ghulam Ahmad is seen as the Second coming and the Mahdi , fulfilling Islamic and Biblical Bible Prophecy , as well as scriptures of other religions such as Hinduism .

null Hinduism

145
The Royal Scottish Country Dance Society  , was founded in 1923 as the Royal Scottish Country Dance Society by Jean Milligan and Ysobel Stewart of Fasnacloich , who wanted to preserve Scottish country dance as performed in Scotland , Scottish country dance having fallen into disuse after the influx of continental ballroom dances such as the waltz or quadrilles and , later on , American-style dances like the One-step or Foxtrot (dance) .

Fasnacloich wanted waltz

Fasnacloich wanted quadrilles

146
The main problem in Scotland appears to be one of image , with other Scottish dance societies such as the St Andrews Celtic Society , founded in 1796 , and Dunedin in Edinburgh attracting many young dancers .

problem be appears Society

147
Late model T-72 , such as the T-72B , featured improved turret armour , visibly bulging the turret front -- nicknamed Super - Dolly Parton armour by Western intelligence .

T-72 featured T-72B

148
The July 1997 issue of Jane's International Defence Review confirmed that after the collapse of the USSR , US and German analysts had a chance to examine Soviet-made T-72 tanks equipped with Kontakt-5 ERA , and they proved impenetrable to most modern US and German tank projectiles ; : this sparked the development of more modern Western tank ammunition , such as the M829 and M829 .

issue confirmed M829

issue confirmed M829

149
The T-72 has been in extensive use in the Syrian Civil War by the Syrian Arab Army since 2011 and quite a few captured examples are used by the anti-government Free Syrian Army rebels and jihadists groups such as the Islamic Front (Syria) and the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria .

T-72 been use Front

T-72 been use State

150
Apple Inc. has not made the DAAP specification available to the general public , only to third-party licensees such as Roku .

Inc. made Roku

151
ITunes includes sound processing features , such as Equalization (audio) , sound enhancement and Crossfade  .

ITunes includes Equalization

ITunes includes enhancement

ITunes includes Crossfade

152
Podcast such as ITunes U , allow for students to review their lectures and notes , before exams or whenever they need to study .

Podcast allow ITunes

153
At Apple Worldwide Developers Conference  2013 , Apple Inc. announced ITunes Radio , geared to be an obvious competitor to preexisting streaming/radio services such as Pandora Radio , Spotify , Slacker Radio , and several others .

Inc. be announced Radio

Inc. be announced Spotify

Inc. be announced Radio

Inc. be announced others

154
Though ITunes itself can be installed where the user desires on Windows , ancillary applications such as Bonjour (software) , which are part of the ITunes installation , can not be placed in a user-desired directory .

Bonjour are part Bonjour

155
William Rockefeller Sr. revolutionized the petroleum industry , and along with other key contemporary industrialists such as Andrew Carnegie , defined the structure of modern philanthropy .

Sr. revolutionized Andrew

156
John D. Rockefeller bought a personal residence in 1884 on 54th street near the mansions of other magnates such as William Henry Vanderbilt .

Rockefeller bought Vanderbilt

157
John D. Rockefeller even gave dimes as a playful gesture to wealthy men , such as tire Business magnate Harvey Firestone .

Rockefeller gave Firestone

158
File Transfer Protocol , SMTP , HTTP and the usual web languages such as PHP and Perl are supported by Microsoft Personal Web Server .

null PHP

null Perl

159
A Euclidean vector such as or can be rewritten as or , where , , are unit vectors representing the three Cartesian coordinate system .

160
On 10 April 1981 , having discoursed daily for nearly 15 years , Rajneesh entered a three-and-a-half-year period of self-imposed public silence , and satsangs -- silent sitting with music and readings from spiritual works such as Khalil Gibran The Prophet (book) or the Isha Upanishad -- replaced discourses .

Rajneesh entered book

Rajneesh entered Upanishad

161
Rajneesh spoke on major spiritual traditions including Jainism , Hinduism , Hasidic Judaism , Tantrism , Taoism , Christianity , Buddhism , on a variety of Eastern and Western mystics and on sacred scriptures such as the Upanishad and the Guru Granth Sahib .

Rajneesh spoke Upanishad

Rajneesh spoke Sahib

162
Rajneesh believed humanity was threatened with extinction due to over-population , impending nuclear holocaust and diseases such as AIDS , and thought many of society 's ills could be remedied by scientific means .

Rajneesh believed AIDS

163
In 1991 , an influential Indian newspaper counted Rajneesh , along with figures such as Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi , among the ten people who had most changed India 's destiny ; in Rajneesh 's case , by liberating the minds of future generations from the shackles of religiosity and conformism .

newspaper counted Buddha

newspaper counted Gandhi

164
The Rajneesh International Foundation  runs stress management seminars for corporate clients such as IBM and BMW , with a reported  revenue between $ 15 and $ 45 million annually in the U.S. Rajneesh 's ashram in Pune has become the Rajneesh International Meditation Resort , one of India 's main tourist attractions .

Foundation runs IBM

Foundation runs BMW

165
Overdubs for the two Traveling Wilburys releases , recording and filming of The Beatle ' 1995 The Beatles Anthology project , interviews with family and friends for posthumous documentaries such as 2003 's Concert for George , the 2005 Concert for Bangladesh DVD release , and Martin Scorsese 's in 2011 ? all were carried out there at FPSHOT or just downstairs in the main part of the house .

null Concert

166
The All Things Must Pass track Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp (Let It Roll) was inspired by Friar Park 's history , and the lyrics of later songs such as Ding Dong, Ding Dong and The Answer's at the End directly quote from the many carvings around the property .

Things Pass Dong

167
Roy Rogers also made numerous cameo or guest appearances on other popular television shows , starring as himself or other cowboy-type characters , such as in an episode of Wonder Woman (TV series) called List of Wonder Woman (TV series) episodes .

168
These include some of the largest protozoa , such as Stentor (genus) and Spirostomum , as well as many brightly pigmented forms , such as certain Blepharisma .

These include Stentor

These include Spirostomum

These include Blepharisma

169
His followers came to share Uchimura Kanz? 's attitude that an organized church was actually a hindrance to the Christian faith , and Christian sacraments , such as baptism and Eucharist , are not essential to salvation .

followers are came baptism

followers are came Eucharist

170
In Islam , according to eminent theologians such as Al-Ghazali , although events are ordained  , humans possess free will to choose between wrong and right , and are thus responsible for their actions ; the conscience being a dynamic personal connection to God enhanced by knowledge and practise of the Five Pillars of Islam , deeds of piety , repentance , self-discipline and prayer ; and disintegrated and metaphorically covered in blackness through sinful acts .

humans being possess Al-Ghazali

171
Some medieval Christian scholasticism such as Bonaventure made a distinction between conscience as a rational Power (sociology) of the mind  and inner awareness , an intuitive spark to do good , called synderesis arising from a remnant appreciation of absolute good and when consciously denied  , becoming a source of inner torment .

scholasticism made Bonaventure

172
As the sacred texts of ancient Hindu and Buddhist philosophy became available in German translations in the 18th and 19th centuries , they influenced philosophers such as Schopenhauer to hold that in a healthy mind only deeds oppress our conscience , not wishes and thoughts ; for it is only our deeds that hold us up to the mirror of our will ; the good conscience , thought Schopenhauer , we experience after every disinterested deed arises from direct recognition of our own inner being in the phenomenon of another , it affords us the verification that our true self exists not only in our own person , this particular manifestation , but in everything that lives .

texts being became Schopenhauer

173
English language humanist lawyers in the 16th and 17th centuries interpreted conscience as a collection of universal principles given to man by god at creation to be applied by reason ; this gradually reforming the medieval Roman law-based system with forms of action , written pleadings , use of juries and patterns of litigation such as Demurrer and Assumpsit that displayed an increased concern for elements of right and wrong on the actual facts .

lawyers interpreted Demurrer

lawyers interpreted Assumpsit

174
Thinking predicated on the development of world conscience is common to members of the Global Ecovillage Network such as the Findhorn Foundation , international conservation organisations like Fauna and Flora International , as well as performers of world music such as Alan Stivell .

null is Foundation

null is Stivell

175
The Committee on Conscience of the US Holocaust Memorial Museum has targeted genocides such as those in Rwanda , Bosnia , Darfur , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Chechnya as challenges to the world 's conscience .

Committee targeted those

176
These are intertwined with the generally recognized symbols of many world religions , including the Cross , the star and crescent , the Star of David , and the original swastika design , an ancient symbol having arms bent at right angles , used for thousands of years as a representative symbol of world religions such as Hinduism , Buddhism , and Jainism .

null Hinduism

null Buddhism

null Jainism

177
The festival is mentioned in Sanskrit scriptures such as the Padma Purana , the Skanda Purana both completed in second half of 1st millennium AD but believed to have been expanded from a core text from an earlier era .

null Purana

178
Hindu in India 's eastern region , such as Odisha and West Bengal , worship the goddess Kali instead of Lakshmi , and call the festival Kali Puja .

festival Puja Odisha

festival Puja Bengal

179
Over the past decade national and civic leaders such as Prince Charles have attended Diwali celebrations at some of the UK 's prominent Hindu temple , such as the Neasden Temple , using the occasion to commend the Hindu community 's contributions to British life .

leaders attended Charles

leaders attended Temple

180
Although their musical career was short , Yazoo (band) 's combination of electronic instrumentation and soulful female vocals has been cited as an influence on the house music scene that emerged in the mid-1980s , as well as bands such as LCD Soundsystem  , Hercules and Love Affair  , La Roux , Shiny Toy Guns and Blaqk Audio .

career was short Affair

181
During his time in America , Takeo Arishima became critical towards Christianity , attracted to socialism , and influenced by the works of writers such as Walt Whitman , Henrik Ibsen , and Peter Kropotkin .

Arishima became Whitman

Arishima became Ibsen

Arishima became Kropotkin

182
Motojir? Kajii left behind masterpieces such as Lemon (short story) , Winter Days and Under the Cherry Trees .

Kajii left Lemon

183
The Arithmetical hierarchy is important in recursion theory , effective descriptive set theory , and the study of formal theories such as Peano arithmetic .

hierarchy is important arithmetic

184
Many MP3 player can encoder directly to MP3 or other digital audio format directly from a line in audio signal  Devices such as CD player can be connected to the MP3 player  in order to directly play music from the memory of the player without the use of a computer .

player encoder player

185
Ry?nosuke Akutagawa entered the First High School in 1910 , developing relationships with classmates such as Kan Kikuchi , Kume Masao , Yamamoto Y?z? , and Tsuchiya Bunmei , all of whom would later become authors .

Akutagawa entered Kikuchi

Akutagawa entered Masao

Akutagawa entered Y?z?

Akutagawa entered Bunmei

186
Kenji Miyazawa also taught his fellow farmers more general topic of cultural value , such as music , poetry , and whatever else Kenji Miyazawa thought might improve their lives .

Miyazawa taught music

Miyazawa taught thought

187
Kenji Miyazawa was an avid reader of modern Japanese people poets such as Hakush? Kitahara and Sakutar? Hagiwara , and their influence can be traced on his poetry , but his life among farmers has been said to have influenced his poetry more than these literary interests .

Miyazawa was reader Kitahara

Miyazawa was reader Hagiwara

188
The Kokuch?kai 's official website continues to claim him as a member , also claiming that the influence of Nichirenism  can be seen in Kenji Miyazawa 's later works such as Ame ni mo Makezu , while acknowledging that others have expressed the view that Kenji Miyazawa became estranged from the group after returning to Hanamaki, Iwate .

website continues ni

189
A fielding  error  that does not allow a batter to reach Base (baseball) , such as a misplayed foul ball , does not spoil a Perfect game .

error allow a

190
Assam has petroleum , natural gas , coal , limestone and other minor minerals such as Quartzite , kaolin , sillimanites , clay and feldspar . Indian rupee

191
Many of the towns and cities in Assam and Nagaland derived their names from Dimasa words such as Diphu . Indian rupee

192
Assam 's proximity to South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation countries such as Bangladesh , Nepal and Bhutan , benefits its trade . Indian rupee

193
The language was standardised by the American Baptist Missionary such as Nathan Brown (missionary) , Miles Bronson and the Noctes and local pundits such as Hemchandra Barua with the form available in the Sibsagar  District  . Indian rupee

194
It is interesting that many source-cultures of Assamese language cultural-system are still surviving either as sub-systems or as sister entities , e.g. the tribal minorities such as ; Bodo people or Karbi people or Mising people . Indian rupee

195
Besides Bihu dance and Huchory performed during the Bohag Bihu , dance forms of tribal minorities such as ; Kushan nritra of Rajbongshi 's , Bagurumba and Bordoicikhla dance of Bodos , Mising people Bihu , Banjar Kekan performed during Chomangkan by Karbi people , Jhumur of Tea tribes are some of the major folk dances . Indian rupee

196
The tradition of modern moving theatres is typical of Assam with immense popularity of many large theatre groups such as Kohinoor Theatre , Srimanta Sankardev , Abahan , Bhagyadevi , Hengul , Rajmahal , Itihas etc. . Indian rupee

197
Most literary works are written in Assamese language although other local language such as Boro and Dimasa are also represented . Indian rupee

198
Doxology occur in the Eucharistic prayer , the Liturgy of the Hours , hymns and various Catholic devotions such as novenas and the Rosary .

Doxology occur novenas

Doxology occur Rosary

199
It was reopened on 16 April 1992 by Prince Edward, Duke of Kent as the Great Hall giving enhanced opportunities to display large artifacts such as railway signals , a Foot Over Bridge from Percy Main Metro station and a segment from the Channel Tunnel .

null signals

200
Alt.sex.stories is notable for assisting in the launch of several notable authors of erotica such as Elf Sternberg and Mary Anne Mohanraj .

Alt.sex.stories is notable Sternberg

Alt.sex.stories is notable Mohanraj

201
Hiroo Yamagata translated some important works in computer technology such as The Cathedral and the Bazaar by Eric S. Raymond , Code and Other Laws of Cyberspace by Lawrence Lessig into Japanese language .

Yamagata translated Cathedral

Yamagata translated Bazaar

202
It has regularly been considered the best statistical organization in the world by The Economist , such as in the 1991 and 1993 Good Statistics Statistical survey .

203
Debate over the census and their contents had periodically created changes in the Statistics Act such as a Census in Canada making the privacy restrictions of the census information expire after more than a century .

Debate created Census

204
According to the Globe and Mail , by 2015 an increasing number of economists joined organizations such as the Canada Chamber of Commerce , Canadian Federation of Independent Business , Canadian Economics Association , Martin Prosperity Institute , Toronto Region Board of Trade , Restaurants Canada and the Canada Association of Business Economics to call for a reinstatement of the mandatory long form .

number joined Chamber

205
Mojibake in English texts generally occurs in punctuation , such as em dashes  , en dashes  , and curly quotes  , but rarely in character text , since most encodings agree with ASCII on the encoding of the English alphabet .

Mojibake occurs dashes

206
Prior to the creation of ISO 8859-2 in 1987 , users of various computing platforms used their own Polish code pages such as AmigaPL on Amiga , Atari Club on Atari ST and Masovia , IBM CP852 , Mazovia encoding and Windows-1250 on IBM PCs .

users used AmigaPL

users used Club

users used Masovia

207
Alongside Unicode encodings like UTF-8 and UTF-16 , there are other standard encodings , such as Shift-JIS  and EUC-JP  .

encodings are Shift-JIS

encodings are EUC-JP

208
Chiaki J. Konaka began using the J at the age of 12 , when Chiaki J. Konaka began making 8mm film ; Chiaki J. Konaka patterned the style after Western names such as Charles M. Schulz .

Konaka began Schulz

209
There are some overarching Yoga in Jyoti?a such as Am?vasy? Do?a , K?la Sarpa Yoga-K?la Am?ta Yoga and Graha M?lika Yoga that can take precedence oveYamaha yogar planetary placements in the horoscope .

Yoga are Do?a

Yoga are Yoga

Yoga are Yoga

210
Astrologers regularly fail in attempts to predict election results in India , and fail to predict major events such as the assassination of Indira Gandhi .

Astrologers fail assassination

211
While his bandmates and friends were using Cannabis (drug) , LSD , and other psychedelics , McKernan preferred alcoholic beverages such as Thunderbird (wine) and Southern Comfort .

bandmates using wine

bandmates using Comfort

212
John Sergeant (journalist) has appeared on television programmes such as Have I Got News for You .

Sergeant appeared Have

213
Go Seigen held study sessions with other professional players such as O Rissei , Michael Redmond (Go player) , Rui Naiwei , and others .

null Rissei

null Naiwei

null others

214
Rafael Bracero has interviewed many sports stars , and Rafael Bracero has travelled often to do specials and documentaries for boxing fights , such as the one Rafael Bracero did before the fight between Hector Camacho and Edwin Rosario , and before Edwin Rosario 's bout with Julio César Chávez .

Bracero interviewed one

215
As a system , dispensationalism is expounded in the writings of John Nelson Darby  and the Plymouth Brethren movement , and propagated through works such as Cyrus Scofield 's Scofield Reference Bible .

null Bible

216
Calvin Johnson (musician) has also revived his Dub Narcotic Disco Plate 45 rpm series , collaborating with artists such as Atlas Sound , Mahjongg (band) , and Joey Casio at Dub Narcotic to record an A-side , and creating a Selector Dub Narcotic version for the b-side .

Johnson revived Sound

Johnson revived band

Johnson revived Casio

217
Friends of Kurt Cobain such as Ian MacKaye Dickson of Earth (American band) , Mark Arm of Mudhoney , Bruce Pavitt and Slim Moon have all acknowledged Calvin Johnson (musician) 's significant influence on the late musician .

Friends have Dickson

218
However , Rachel Bromwich notes that such an identification has little to back it ; other writers , such as Thomas Stephens (historian) and William Forbes Skene , identify Flamdwyn instead with Ida of Bernicia 's son Theodric of Bernicia , noting the passages in the genealogies discussing Theodric of Bernicia 's battles with Owain mab Urien and his sons .

Bromwich notes Stephens

Bromwich notes Skene

219
Although a Greek language minority was recognized by the Enver Hoxha regime , this recognition only applied to an official minority zone consisting of 99 villages , leaving out important areas of Greek language settlement , such as Himara .

recognition applied Himara

220
However , there were specific parts of Epirus that enjoyed local autonomy , such as Himarë , Droviani , or Moscopole .

parts were Himarë

parts were Droviani

parts were Moscopole

221
The Paris Peace Conference, 1919 awarded the area to Greece after World War I , however , political developments such as the Greek language defeat in the Greco-Turkish War (1919–22) and , crucially , Italian , Austrian and German lobbying in favor of Albania resulted in the area being ceded to Albania in November 1921 .

Conference awarded defeat

222
Albanian resettlement policy included Muslim Albanian villagers who as Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus employees were resettled in newly created villages that served as a buffer zone between the recognized Greek language minority zone and traditionally Orthodox Albanian speaking regions of unclear ethnic consciousness , as well as the permanent settlement of Albanian populations inside the minority zone and in other traditionally Greek language speaking regions , such as in Himara .

policy included Himara

223
There have been many minor incidents between the Greek language population and Albanian authorities over issues such as the alleged involvement of the Greek language government in local politics , the raising of the Flag of Greece on Albanian territory , and the language taught in Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus schools of the region ; however , these issues have , for the most part , been non-violent .

language been taught involvement

224
In contemporary Japan , popular authors such as Ry? Murakami , Haruki Murakami , and Banana Yoshimoto are highly regarded .

null Murakami

null Murakami

null Yoshimoto

225
During the Empire of Japan of 1895 to 1945 , the phrase Japanese people was used to refer not only to residents of the Japanese archipelago , but also to people from colonies who held Japanese language citizenship , such as Taiwanese people and Koreans .

colonies held people

colonies held Koreans

226
Even though such claims have long been rejected by other sectors of Japanese language society such as former Japanese language Prime Minister Tar? As? , who has once described Japan as being a nation of one race , one civilization , one language and one culture .

sectors being described As?

227
There is also a small group of Japanese language descendants living in Caribbean countries such as Cuba and the Dominican Republic , where hundreds of these immigrants were brought in by Rafael L. Trujillo in the 1930s .

group is Cuba

group is Republic

228
Johann Friedrich Struensee was ideologically influenced by Enlightenment thinkers such as Voltaire and Jean Jacques Rousseau .

null Voltaire

null Rousseau

229
George Stephenson 's lack of understanding of the work of his subordinates on major issues - including the levels of the track and the cost of major structures such as the Irwell Viaduct - was ruthlessly exposed by the opposing counsel Edward Hall Alderson and the bill was thrown out .

null Viaduct

230
The custom of carrying the flanged end upward did not die out at once : a few Mace (club) , such as the Winchcombe silver Mace (club) , which date from the end of the 15th century , were made to be carried both ways .

custom die silver

231
A number of valued City of London institutions are located in the area , such as St Bartholomew's Hospital , the London Charterhouse , and Livery company notably those of Worshipful Company of Butchers and Worshipful Company of Haberdashers , but Smithfield, London is best known for its ancient meat Market square , dating from the 10th century , which is now London 's only remaining wholesale Market square  in continuous operation since Middle Ages .

institutions is located Hospital

institutions is located Charterhouse

institutions is located company

232
Smithfield, London has borne witness to many List of people executed in Smithfield, London of Heresy and politician over the centuries , including major historical figures such as Scottish patriot Sir William Wallace and Wat Tyler , leader of the Peasants' Revolt , among many other English Reformation and dissenters .

London borne Wallace

London borne Tyler

233
Catholic as well as other Protestant denominations such as Anabaptist .

null Anabaptist

234
His attack against the Imperial Japanese Navy light cruiser Japanese cruiser Agano is available as a mission on the game 's single mission menu , along with other famous submarine attacks such as Captain Red Ramage 's July 30 , 1944 night surface attack on a Japanese convoy in USS Parche (SS-384) , which brought him a Medal of Honor .

attack is available attack

235
The common German language identity of lands such as Carinthia (state) , Styria , or State of Tyrol , and the ruling dynasty made it easier for these lands to accept the central government set up in Vienna in the mid-18th century .

identity made Carinthia

identity made Styria

identity made State

identity made dynasty

236
As with neighbouring Germany , there has also been heavy immigration from Turks in Austria and former Yugoslavia states such as Croatia and Serbia .

null been Croatia

null been Serbia

237
The music in the tradition of Viennese classicism is sacral music to a significant extent , including works such as Mozart 's Great Mass in C minor , List of masses by Joseph II, Holy Roman Emperor Haydn  , Beethoven 's Mass in C major (Beethoven)  , down to Bruckner 's Te Deum  .

music is music Mass

238
Her last role was in the stage musical Hot Spot (musical) , co-starring newcomers such as Joseph Campanella and Mary Louise Wilson , which closed after 43 performances on May 25 , 1963 .

role was stage Campanella

role was stage Wilson

239
Well integrated with the Stanley, Hong Kong Main Street waterfront and historic Murray House , Stanley, Hong Kong Plaza provides convenient access to nearby tourist spots such as Tin Hau Temple and Stanley, Hong Kong Ma Hang Park .

Temple integrated Tin

240
Also Typeface formats such as OpenType allow for the mapping of alternate glyphs according to language so that a text rendering system can look to the user 's environmental settings to determine which glyph to use .

formats allow OpenType

241
On the northwestern edge of Lüneburg Heath are the Harburg Hills and south of Schneverdingen there are bogs , such as the Pietzmoor  .

Heath are Hills Pietzmoor

242
Transportation overland would have been far too expensive  , as can be seen not only from some of the delivery notes which still survive , but also from the fact that there are still large woods around Landkreis Lüneburg itself , such as the Göhrde .

overland been expensive Göhrde

243
His works were a source for Heimatfilm that were produced on Lüneburg Heath , such as Grün ist die Heide  from The Heath Is Green (1932 film) and remade in The Heath Is Green (1951 film) and The Heath Is Green (1972 film) , as well as Rot ist die Liebe  from 1956 .

works Is source ist

works Is source ist

244
The Peniculid are an order of ciliate protozoa , including the well-known Paramecium and related genera , such as Frontonia , Stokesia (ciliate) , Urocentrum and Lembadion .

Peniculid are order Frontonia

245
The tourist island of Sentosa , which attracts 19 million visitors in 2011 , is located in the south of Singapore , consists of about 20 -- 30 landmarks , such as Fort Siloso , which was built as a fortress to defend against the Japanese during World War II .

island is attracts Siloso

246
Routing functions such as Open Shortest Path First or Border Gateway Protocol run at the process level .

functions run First

functions run Protocol

247
The Toga is also used by peoples that can claim descent from Romanization (cultural) Punic , such as the Arabized Berbers of Tripolitania in Libya , a prominent example being its use by Muammar Gaddafi .

peoples claim Berbers

248
Woodstock 99 was conceived and executed as a commercial venture with dozens of corporate sponsors , and included the presence of vendor malls and modern accoutrements such as Automated teller machine and e-mail stations .

null machine

null stations

249
The Amphibrach is also often used in ballads and light verse , such as the hypermetrical lines of Sir John Betjeman 's Meditation on the A30 .

null lines

250
Some books by Dr. Seuss contain many lines written in amphibrachs , such as these from If I Ran the Circus : Much of Leonard Cohen 's song Famous Blue Raincoat is written in amphibrachs - e.g. the first verse  : poetry .

books contain these

251
In his book Pop Memories 1890-1954 , music archivist and statistician Joel Whitburn assessed a variety of sources such as Talking Machine World 's lists of top-selling recordings , and Billboard (magazine) 's sheet music and vaudeville charts , to estimate the most successful recordings of the period .

252
A number of states are two-tiered , but require work experience for the Certified Public Accountant certificate , such as Ohio .

states are two-tiered Ohio

253
After beating Italy and Germany , Brazil won the football silver medal , a deed repeated in 1988 , when Inter players such as goalkeeper Taffarel , full-back Luis Cubilla Carlos Wink and center-back Aloisio defended the Brazilian colors .

Brazil won goalkeeper

Brazil won full-back

Brazil won center-back

254
Olimpia Asunción , who were winners of the 1979 Copa Libertadores , were blossoming in their second golden era with players such as Ever Hugo Almeida , Gabriel González (Paraguayan footballer) , Adriano Samaniego , and star Raul Vicente Amarilla , all coached by legend Luis Cubilla .

Asunción were winners Almeida

255
Compressed air car are powered by motors driven by compressed air , which is stored in a Diving cylinder at high pressure such as 30 M Pascal (unit)  .

null Pascal

256
A Cruzeiro Esporte Clube also obtained many international laurels such as two Copa Libertadores , two Supercopa Libertadores , one Recopa Sudamericana , one Copa de Oro and one Copa Master de Supercopa .

Clube obtained Libertadores

Clube obtained Libertadores

Clube obtained Sudamericana

Clube obtained Oro

Clube obtained Copa

257
It has contributed many key and famous players towards Brazil national football team 's FIFA World Cup squads such as Wilson da Silva Piazza , Tostão , Nelinho , Ronaldo , Luisão , Maicon Sisenando , Cris (footballer) , Jairzinho , Edílson among so many others .

It contributed Piazza

258
The town of Dildo, Newfoundland and Labrador was founded in the late 18th century and settled to exploit the abundance of marine resources such as fish  , whales and Pinniped .

null fish

null whales

null Pinniped

259
Esporte Clube Bahia has won the Brasileirão title twice : in the 1959 Taça Brasil , defeating Santos FC Santásticos which contained figures such as Gylmar dos Santos Neves , Mauro Ramos , Mengálvio Pedro Figueiró , Antônio Wilson Vieira Honório , José Macia and Pelé , in the finals and in the 1988 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A Esporte Clube Bahia edged Sport Club Internacional .

Bahia won Gylmar

260
Quite commonly the funicle beyond the pedicel is quite complex in Endopterygota such as beetles , moths and Hymenoptera , and one common adaptation is the ability to fold the Antenna (biology) in the middle , at the joint between the pedicel and the flagellum .

funicle is complex beetles

funicle is complex moths

funicle is complex Hymenoptera

261
George Grosz 's art influenced other New Objectivity artists such as Heinrich Maria Davringhausen , Anton Räderscheidt , and Georg Scholz .

art influenced Davringhausen

art influenced Räderscheidt

art influenced Scholz

262
Max Beckmann greatly admired not only Paul Cézanne and Van Gogh , but also William Blake , Rembrandt , and Peter Paul Rubens , as well as Northern European artists of the late Middle Ages and early Renaissance , such as Hieronymus Bosch , Pieter Bruegel the Elder , and Matthias Grünewald .

Beckmann admired Bosch

263
The biography reveals Max Beckmann 's contemplations of writers and philosophers such as Fyodor Dostoyevsky , Arthur Schopenhauer , Friedrich Nietzsche , and Richard Wagner .

biography reveals Dostoyevsky

biography reveals Schopenhauer

biography reveals Nietzsche

biography reveals Wagner

264
Many Russian Neo-Fascist and Neo-Nazi groups such as the Russian National Unity call for an increased role for the Russian Orthodox Church .

Neo-Fascist call Unity

265
Gustave Caillebotte is best known for his paintings of urban Paris , such as The Europe Bridge   , and Paris Street; Rainy Day   .

null Bridge

266
The prestigious award was made for the magazine 's publication of stunning photos from the war in Southeast Asia , such as Henri Huet 's riveting series of a wounded medic that were published in January 1966 .

null series

267
Thomas Edison 's number one ranking was challenged since critics believed other inventions , such as the Internal combustion engine , the automobile , and electricity-making machines , for example , had greater effects on society than Thomas Edison 's .

critics believed engine

268
For Life subscribers , remaining subscriptions were honored with other Time (magazine) Inc. magazines , such as Time (magazine) .

null Time

269
While citing poor advertising sales and a rough climate for selling magazine subscriptions , Time (magazine) Inc. executives said a key reason for closing the title in 2000 was to divert resources to the company 's other magazine launches that year , such as Real Simple .

magazine was Simple

270
In 2001 Time Warner began publishing special newsstand megazine issues of Life , on topics such as the September 11 attacks in 2001 and the Holy Land .

Warner began attacks

271
The slats increased the lift of the wing considerably when deployed , greatly improving the horizontal maneuverability of the aircraft , as several Luftwaffe veterans , such as Erwin Rommel Leykauf , attest .

slats increased Leykauf

272
All Willy Messerschmitt aircraft that originated after that date , such as the Messerschmitt Me 210 , were to carry the Me designation .

aircraft originated Messerschmitt

273
Slade dominated the UK charts during the early 1970s , out-performing chart rivals , such as Wizzard , Sweet (band) , T. Rex (band) , Suzi Quatro , Mud (band) , Smokie (band) , Gary Glitter , Roxy Music and David Bowie .

274
Throughout the remainder of 1975 and 1976 , Slade toured the US , often with other bands such as Aerosmith , ZZ Top and Black Sabbath , only returning to the UK for TV performances of new singles .

Slade toured Aerosmith

Slade toured Top

Slade toured Sabbath

275
In 1999 , BBC One broadcast a newly made documentary on the band , titled It 's Slade , which featured new interviews with all four members of the band , along with various other musical artists and celebrities such as Ozzy Osbourne , Noel Gallagher , Status Quo , Toyah Wilcox and Suzi Quatro .

broadcast 's Slade Osbourne

broadcast 's Slade Gallagher

broadcast 's Slade Quo

broadcast 's Slade Wilcox

broadcast 's Slade Quatro

276
Many Slade songs were written specifically for audience participation , such as Get Down and Get With It , Mama Weer All Crazee Now , Cum on Feel the Noize , Give Us a Goal , We 'll Bring The House Down , Rock and Roll Preacher and My Oh My (Slade song) .

277
In the days before Slade , Noddy Holder , Jim Lea (musician) , Dave Hill and Don Powell were influenced by American blues artists such as Sonny Boy Williamson II , John Lee Hooker and Howlin' Wolf but then became interested in the work of Little Richard .

null II

null Hooker

null Wolf

278
Over the following half decade , Mutual Broadcasting System 's war coverage held its own with that of the wealthier networks , featuring field correspondents such as Henry Morgan (comedian) Shapiro and Piet Van T Veer and commentators such as Cecil Brown (journalist) , formerly of CBS .

coverage held Shapiro

coverage held Veer

coverage held Brown

279
Generally , the Midland Railway prevailed , with the adoption of many Midland Railway practices such as the livery of Carmine for passenger locomotives and rolling stock .

Railway prevailed livery

280
These ranged in size from major ports at Barrow-in-Furness and Grangemouth through ferry harbours such as Holyhead , Heysham , Stranraer and Fleetwood to much smaller facilities including piers on the River Thames and River Clyde .

These ranged Holyhead

These ranged Heysham

These ranged Stranraer

These ranged Fleetwood

281
Sefer Yetzirah describes how the universe was created by the God of Israel  through 32 wondrous ways of wisdom : These divisions correspond to Jewish concepts such as the 3 letters making up God 's name  , the 7 days of the Jewish week , the 12 tribes of Israel , and the 12 months of the Hebrew calendar , as well as to early scientific or philosophical ideas such as the 4 Classical element  , the 7 Classical planet , 10 directions , the 12 zodiacal constellations , various human physical functions , and a list of the parts of the human body .

Yetzirah describes letters

Yetzirah describes element

Yetzirah describes planet

Yetzirah describes directions

Yetzirah describes constellations

Yetzirah describes functions

Yetzirah describes list

282
Apart from Biology as an academic discipline that interprets the Smile , those who study kinesics and psychology such as Freitas-Magalhaes view as an affect display that can communicate feelings such as love , happiness , pride , contempt , and embarrassment .

discipline interprets view

discipline interprets love

283
Pyrotechnics include not only the manufacture of fireworks but items such as safety matches , oxygen candles , Pyrotechnic fastener , components of the automotive airbag and gas pressure blasting in mining , quarrying and demolition .

Pyrotechnics include matches

Pyrotechnics include candles

Pyrotechnics include fastener

Pyrotechnics include components

Pyrotechnics include pressure

284
They finished off the 80s touring in support of ...Twice Shy as headliners and with some best known bands , such as Bon Jovi .

They finished Jovi

285
In the latter case , an Antenna (radio) may also include additional Driven element or surfaces with no electrical connection to the transmitter or receiver , such as passive radiator , Parabolic antenna or Horn antenna , which serve to direct the radio waves into a beam or other desired radiation pattern .

Antenna include radiator

Antenna include antenna

Antenna include antenna

286
A Directional antenna Antenna (radio) usually is intended to maximize its coupling to the electromagnetic field in the direction of the other station , or sometimes to cover a particular sector such as a 120 ° horizontal fan pattern in the case of a panel Antenna (radio) at a cell site .

null pattern

287
Antenna Antenna array (electromagnetic) may employ any basic  Antenna (radio) type , such as dipole , loop or slot Antenna (radio) .

array employ Antenna

288
The Antenna (radio) feed may refer to all components connecting the Antenna (radio) to the transmitter or receiver , such as an Electrical impedance matching network in addition to the Transmission (telecommunications) line .

feed refer impedance

289
In a so-called aperture Antenna (radio) , such as a horn or Parabolic antenna , the feed may also refer to a basic Antenna (radio) inside the entire system  which could be considered the one active Driven element in that Antenna (radio) system .

feed refer horn

feed refer antenna

290
It is a fundamental property of Antenna (radio) that the electrical characteristics of an Antenna (radio) described in the next section , such as Antenna gain , radiation pattern , Electrical impedance , Bandwidth (signal processing) , resonant frequency and Polarization (waves) , are the same whether the Antenna (radio) is Transmitter or Radio receiver .

It is property gain

291
Most materials used in Antenna (radio) meet these conditions , but some microwave Antenna (radio) use high-tech components such as isolator  s and circulators , made of nonreciprocal materials such as Ferrite (iron) .

materials meet s

materials meet circulators

materials meet Ferrite

292
While there are broadband traveling wave Antenna (radio) such as the Beverage antenna which do not work by resonance , the vast majority of Antenna (radio) are based on the monopole Antenna (radio) or dipole Antenna (radio) which function as resonators .

broadband are antenna

293
An example of a high-gain Antenna (radio) is a Parabolic antenna such as a satellite television Antenna (radio) .

example is antenna Antenna

294
Many nondirectional Antenna (radio) , such as monopole Antenna (radio) and dipole Antenna (radio) , emit equal power in all horizontal directions , with the power dropping off at higher and lower angles ; this is called an Omnidirectional antenna and when plotted looks like a torus or donut .

Antenna emit Antenna

Antenna emit Antenna

295
Fortunately the Copper loss of Antenna (radio) conductors such as aluminum rods can be calculated and the efficiency of an Antenna (radio) using such materials predicted .

efficiency using rods

296
Antennas with horizontal Driven element , such as most rooftop TV Antenna (radio) in the United States , are horizontally polarized  .

null TV

297
Even when the Antenna (radio) system has a vertical orientation , such as an Antenna array (electromagnetic) of horizontal dipole Antenna (radio) , the polarization is in the horizontal direction corresponding to the current flow .

system is has array

298
Monopole antenna consist of a single radiating Driven element such as a metal rod , often mounted over a conducting surface , a Ground (electricity) plane .

antenna consist rod

299
This was largely thanks to the Santos FC 's Golden Generation of the 1960s which contained players such as Gylmar dos Santos Neves , Mauro Ramos , Mengálvio Pedro Figueiró , Antônio Wilson Vieira Honório , José Macia and Pelé , named the Athlete of the Century by the International Olympic Committee , and widely regarded among football historians , former players and fans to be the best and most accomplished footballer in the game 's history .

This be 1960s Gylmar

300
Being a Port of Santos , water sports such as Rowing (sport) were generally the most practiced activity by the city 's youth , but the city had teams strong enough to compete in the Campeonatos Campeonato Paulista or 2014 Campeonato Paulista , with Clube Atlético Sport Club Internacional and Sport Club Americano being the two strongest representatives .

sports were activity Rowing

301
Santos FC soundly defeated many of the regions ' top clubs such as Paysandu Sport Club , Fortaleza Esporte Clube , ABC Futebol Clube , Santa Cruz Futebol Clube , etc. .

FC defeated Club

302
Due to its relative-low capacity , Santos FC has used other stadiums for high-profile matches such as the Estádio Palestra Itália , Estádio do Pacaembu and Estádio do Morumbi , all located in São Paulo Futebol Clube , and the Maracanã (stadium) in Rio de Janeiro .

FC used Itália

303
Katrin Cartlidge first appeared on screen as Lucy Collins in the Liverpool soap opera Brookside from 1982 to 1988 and later became well known for her film work with directors such as Mike Leigh and Lars von Trier .

Cartlidge appeared Leigh

Cartlidge appeared Trier

304
Smile (The Beach Boys album) was bookended by two setlists performed by Brian Wilson of regular Beach Boys hits such as Sloop John B and God Only Knows along with obscurities You're Welcome (song) and Time to Get Alone .

Smile hits John

305
Cyrus I. Scofield 's notes on the Book of Revelation are a major source for the various timetables , judgments , and plagues elaborated on by popular religious writers such as Hal Lindsey , Edgar C. Whisenant , and Tim LaHaye ; and in part because of the success of the Scofield Reference Bible , twentieth-century American Christian fundamentalism placed greater stress on eschatology speculation .

notes are source Lindsey

notes are source Whisenant

notes are source LaHaye

306
The mixture of Anapaest and Iamb (foot) in this manner is most characteristic of late-19th-century verse , particularly that of Algernon Charles Swinburne in poems such as The Triumph of Time and the choruses from .

mixture is characteristic Triumph

307
In quantum mechanics their importance lies in the Dirac–von Neumann axioms of quantum mechanics , in which physical observables such as position , momentum , angular momentum and spin  are represented by Self-adjoint operator on a Hilbert space .

importance lies momentum

importance lies momentum

importance lies spin

308
codice is used to install , remove , and provide information about deb  Package (package management system) s. codice itself is a low level tool ; higher level tools , such as Advanced Packaging Tool , are used to fetch Package (package management system) from remote locations or deal with complex Package (package management system) relations .

codice is remove Tool

309
In 2002 , Carson Daly joined NBC , where Carson Daly began hosting and producing the late night talk show Last Call with Carson Daly , and occasionally hosting special event programming for NBC , such as the Macy's Fourth of July fireworks show and executive producing New Year's Eve with Carson Daly from Times Square beginning in 2003 .

Daly joined Macy

310
Archaeologically , concrete indications of Chandragupta Maurya rule , such as the inscriptions of the Edicts of Ashoka , are known as far as Kandhahar in southern Afghanistan .

null inscriptions

311
Classical sources have also recorded that following their treaty , Chandragupta Maurya and Seleucus I Nicator exchanged presents , such as when Chandragupta Maurya sent various aphrodisiacs to Seleucus I Nicator : Southern conquest .

sources recorded conquest

312
Dorothy Dandridge performed as a vocalist in venues such as the Cotton Club (New York City) and the Apollo Theater .

Dandridge performed Club

Dandridge performed Theater

313
As well known as Dorothy Dandridge became from renditions of songs such as Blow Out the Candle , You Do Something To Me , and Talk Sweet Talk To Me , Dorothy Dandridge recorded very little on vinyl .

Dandridge became Blow

314
The idea , modeled after the federal Civilian Conservation Corps program  , was to take the burden of labor-intensive jobs such as entrance fee collecting or trail work from the National Park Service and shift to the SCC .

idea was fee

315
Botn / botten is cognate with the English language word bottom , and it might be part of a general north European distinction of lowlands , as opposed to highlands , such as the Netherlands region , Samogitia  , and Sambia  .

botten be cognate region

botten be cognate Samogitia

botten be cognate Sambia

316
In addition to his writings , Hakush? Kitahara also edited the poetry magazine Chijo junrei  , which enabled later authors , such as Hagiwara Sakutaro to get their start into the literary world .

Kitahara edited Sakutaro

317
Past studies determined that retailers who did not offer Shopping cart such as Sears suffered slower sales in comparison with retailers who did use Shopping cart .

318
John Hopkins Harney 's appearances in New York , such as at the Weber and Fields Music Hall , the Metropolitan Opera House , and Tony Pastor 's Music Hall , promoting ragtime music , did much to create widespread popular and commercial enthusiasm for ragtime as a new genre of United States music .

appearances did Weber

appearances did Hall

319
Jonatha Brooke was sometimes grouped with emerging 1990s talents such as the Indigo Girls , Sheryl Crow , Shawn Colvin , and Mary Chapin Carpenter .

null Girls

null Crow

null Colvin

null Carpenter

320
Jonatha Brooke was featured as a guest vocalist with artists such as Lisa Loeb , Chris Botti and Patty Larkin , and has co-written tracks for Joe Sample 's The Pecan Tree .

null Loeb

null Botti

null Larkin

321
Logician Harvey Friedman has done work related to very large numbers , such as with Kruskal's tree theorem and the Robertson–Seymour theorem .

Friedman done theorem

322
Several components are directly derived from the TGV , such as the third-generation TGV 's traction system  , the trucks/bogies structure  , the brake discs  , and crash energy management techniques to control structural deformation in the event of an accident .

null system

323
These Han Chinese had lived in Kedun during the Liao dynasty , and in 1124 migrated with the Khitan people under Yelü Dashi along with other people of Kedun , such as Bohai , Jin dynasty (1115–1234) , Mongol tribes , Khitan people , in addition to the Xiao consort clan .

324
The association of Khitai with China meant that the most enduring trace of the Khitan people 's power are names derived from it , such as Cathay , which is the medieval Latin appellation for China .

association is meant Cathay

325
However , the use of the name Khitai to mean China or Chinese by Turkic languages speakers within China , such as the Uyghur language , is considered pejorative by the Chinese authority who had tried to ban it .

authority tried language

326
Phosphorus in the form of phosphates occur in Chemical compound important to life , such as DNA and Adenosine triphosphate .

Phosphorus occur triphosphate

327
The recording has been featured in many Hollywood WWII-themed movies and television series featuring the Pacific War such as Emperor (film) .

null Emperor

328
Another classic etymology derives the name Haemos from the myth about the fight of Zeus and the dragon Typhon : In antiquity , the mountain range and the area around it was populated by free Thracian language peoples such as the Bessi , Dii , and Satrae .

etymology derives Bessi

etymology derives Dii

etymology derives Satrae

329
There were also internationally renowned filmmakers in the Greek diaspora such as the Greek-American Elia Kazan .

filmmakers were Kazan

330
The so-called minor arts were very important in Byzantine art and luxury items , including ivories carved in relief as formal presentation Consular diptychs or caskets such as the Veroli casket , hardstone carvings , enamels , jewelry , metalwork , and Byzantine silk were produced in large quantities throughout the Byzantine era .

arts were important casket

arts were important carvings

arts were important enamels

arts were important jewelry

arts were important metalwork

arts were important silk

331
Early Greek language lyric poetry , as represented by poets such as Sappho and Pindar , was responsible for defining the lyric genre as it is understood today in western literature .

poetry was responsible Sappho

poetry was responsible Pindar

332
Nikos Kazantzakis is also considered a dominant figure , with works such as The Last Temptation of Christ and The Greek Passion receiving international recognition .

null Temptation

333
Tralles in particular produced several treatises on the Natural Sciences , as well as his other forays into mathematics such as Conic Sections .

Tralles produced Sections

334
Classical Athens may be suggested to have heralded some of the same religious ideas that would later be promoted by Christianity , such as Aristotle 's invocation of a perfect God , and Heraclitus ' Logos .

null invocation

null Logos

335
Many Greek language athletes have also achieved significant success and have won world and olympic titles in numerous sports during the years , such as basketball , wrestling , water polo , athletics  , Olympic weightlifting , with many of them becoming international stars inside their sports .

athletes achieved basketball

336
Through its partnership with the Claremont Colleges and other consortia such as Selective Liberal Arts College Consortium  , Career and Intership Connections  , and Liberal Arts Career Network  , Pomona College provides its students with opportunities to connect with employers .

College provides Arts

College provides Arts

337
When secured by Transport Layer Security , connections between a Client (computing)  and a Server (computing)  will have one or more of the following properties : In addition to the properties above , careful configuration of Transport Layer Security can provide additional privacy-related properties such as forward secrecy , ensuring that any future disclosure of encryption keys can not be used to decrypt any Transport Layer Security communications recorded in the past .

connections have secrecy

338
AEAD block cipher modes of operation is used for Authenticated encryption such as Galois/Counter Mode and CCM mode .

null Mode

null mode

339
In applications design , Transport Layer Security is usually implemented on top of Transport Layer protocols , encrypting all of the protocol-related data of protocols such as Hypertext Transfer Protocol , File Transfer Protocol , Simple Mail Transfer Protocol , Network News Transfer Protocol and Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol .

null Protocol

340
Historically , Transport Layer Security has been used primarily with reliable transport protocols such as the Transmission Control Protocol  .

null Protocol

341
While the CRIME (security exploit) attack was presented as a general attack that could work effectively against a large number of protocols , including but not limited to Transport Layer Security , and application-layer protocols such as SPDY or HTTP , only Exploit (computer security) against Transport Layer Security and SPDY were demonstrated and largely mitigated in browsers and Server (computing) .

CRIME presented SPDY

CRIME presented HTTP

342
Dragon Quest V is cited as having monster recruiting and training mechanics that inspired monster-collecting RPGs such as Pokémon , Digimon , and Dokapon , and in turn the modern trend of collecting Achievement (video gaming) .

recruiting inspired Pokémon

recruiting inspired Digimon

recruiting inspired Dokapon

343
Pidgin (software) supports multiple operating systems , including Microsoft Windows and many Unix-like systems such as Linux , the BSD , and AmigaOS .

Pidgin supports Linux

Pidgin supports BSD

Pidgin supports AmigaOS

344
They can be used to add support for Network protocol , which is useful for those such as Skype protocol which have licensing issues .

protocol is useful Skype

345
Seth MacFarlane often borrows the names of Rhode Island locations and icons such as Pawtucket, Rhode Island and Buddy Cianci for use in the show .

MacFarlane borrows Island

MacFarlane borrows Cianci

346
Seth MacFarlane drew inspiration from several sitcoms such as The Simpsons and All in the Family .

MacFarlane drew Simpsons

MacFarlane drew All

347
Premises were drawn from several 1980s Saturday morning cartoons he watched as a child , such as The Fonz and the Happy Days Gang and Rubik, the Amazing Cube .

he watched Fonz

he watched Gang

he watched Rubik

348
Though the book primarily consists of a loose narrative monologue by Lois Griffin , it is also interspersed with sections from other characters such as Peter Griffin .

book consists Griffin

349
During the 9th century southern Central Asia was under the rule of the Samanid , while the Central Asian steppe was dominated by Turkic peoples nomads such as the Pechenegs , the Oghuz Turks , and the Karluks .

Asia was rule Pechenegs

Asia was rule Turks

Asia was rule Karluks

350
In the mid-10th century the Kara-Khanids converted to Islam and adopted Muslim names and honorifics , but retained Turkic peoples regnal titles such as Khan , Khagan , Ilek  and Tegin .

Kara-Khanids converted Khan

Kara-Khanids converted Khagan

Kara-Khanids converted Ilek

Kara-Khanids converted Tegin

351
Other vendors produce Keyboard (computing) for different computer systems with this placement of the Control key , such as the Happy Hacking Keyboard .

vendors produce Keyboard

352
For most in the U.S. , a contemporary Roadster (automobile) is a two-seater Convertible such as the Jaguar F-Type , BMW Z8 , Aston Martin V8 Vantage (2005) , and Dodge Viper .

Roadster is Convertible F-Type

353
Another type of Convertible is the off-road vehicles with removable soft tops such as Jeep Wrangler , Suzuki Escudo , Ford Bronco , Land Rover Defender , Mercedes-Benz G-Class , early models of Toyota Land Cruiser , Land Rover Defender etc. .

type is vehicles Wrangler

354
United States automakers manufactured a broad range of models during the 1950s and 1960s -- from economical compact-sized models such as the Rambler American and the Studebaker Lark , to the more expensive models such as the Packard Caribbean , Oldsmobile 98 , and Imperial (automobile) by Chrysler .

automakers manufactured American

automakers manufactured Lark

automakers manufactured Caribbean

automakers manufactured Oldsmobile

automakers manufactured automobile

355
Elsewhere globally , Convertible production continued throughout this era with models such as the Mercedes-Benz SL-Class , the Volkswagen Beetle , and the Volkswagen Golf .

production continued SL-Class

production continued Beetle

production continued Golf

356
In the 1980s Convertible such as the Chrysler LeBaron and Saab 900 revived the body style in the United States -- followed by models such as the Mazda Miata , Porsche Boxster , Audi TT , and later retractable hardtop models .

null LeBaron

null Saab

null Miata

null Boxster

null TT

null models

357
Certain modern Lutheranism communities also advocate fasting during designated times such as Lent .

communities advocate Lent

358
Amongst Hindu during fasting , starchy items such as Potatoes , Sago and Sweet potatoes are allowed .

null potatoes

359
While fasting in the month of Ramadan is considered Fard  , Islam also prescribes certain days for non-obligatory , voluntary fasting , such as : Fasting is forbidden on these days : Although fasting at Ramadan is fard  , exceptions are made for persons in particular circumstances : Jainism .

360
The Samguk Sagi was written on the basis of the Gu Samguksa  , and other earlier historical records such as the Hwarang Segi  , most of which are no longer extant .

most are extant Segi

361
The first five cover either periods , such as the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors , or individual dynasties , such as the Xia dynasty , Shang dynasty , and Zhou dynasty dynasties .

null Sovereigns

null Emperors

null dynasties

null dynasty

null dynasty

null dynasties

362
In this section , Sima Rangju chose to also include de facto rulers of China , such as Xiang Yu and Empress Lü Zhi , while excluding rulers who never held any real power , such as Emperor Yi of Chu and Emperor Hui of Han .

Rangju chose Yu

Rangju chose Zhi

Rangju chose Yi

Rangju chose Hui

363
Many of the earlier chapters are chronicle-like accounts of the leading states of the Zhou dynasty , such as the states of Qin (state) and Lu (state) , and two of the chapters go back as far as the Shang dynasty .

chapters are accounts states

364
Sima Qian began the Shiji with an account of the five rulers of supreme virtue , the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors who modern scholars , such as those from the Doubting Antiquity School , believe to be originally local deities of the peoples of ancient China .

Qian be began those

365
which inherited many of the local talk/lifestyle shows originated by the Belo -- such as Good Morning Texas on Dallas American Broadcasting Company affiliate WFAA -- prior to the 2014 acquisition of the latter group by the predecessor broadcasting unit of the Gannett Company .

which inherited Morning

366
The process involves a search engine Web crawler downloading a page and storing it on the search engine 's own server , where a second program , known as an search engine indexing , extracts various information about the page , such as the words it contains and where these are located , as well as any weight for specific words , and all links the page contains , which are then placed into a scheduler for Web crawler at a later date .

process are involves words

process are involves located

367
Identification of the Pope as the Antichrist was written into Protestant creeds such as the Westminster Confession of Faith of 1646 .

null Confession

368
They hold that the persecution of the true believers prophesied in Rev 17:6 is fulfilled in the persecution of the early believers who rejected the changes by the Roman Catholic Church and is seen in the persecution during the Middle Ages of anyone daring to oppose the Church such as the Albigensian Crusades in southern France and against the Waldensians and Huguenot , and especially the Inquisition .

They hold Crusades

They hold Crusades

369
In the 1980s John Negroponte predicted that wired technologies such as telephones would ultimately become unwired by using airwaves instead of wires or fiber optics , and that unwired technologies such as televisions will become wired , is commonly referred to as the Negroponte switch .

Negroponte predicted telephones

Negroponte predicted televisions

370
John Negroponte has influenced modern day futurists , such as David Houle (futurist) .

Negroponte influenced Houle

371
During the 1980 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A , the club participated in and won international friendly competitions , such as the Amsterdam Tournament and the Tournoi de Paris .

club participated Tournament

club participated Paris

372
Experiments conducted by Gustav Tornier from 1907-1918 on goldfish and embryos of frogs and newts were supported by neo-Lamarckians such as Cunningham and Ernest MacBride as demonstrating the inheritance of acquired characteristics .

null Cunningham

null MacBride

373
According to Peter J. Bowler : Supporters of neo-Lamarckism such as George Bernard Shaw and Arthur Koestler claimed that Lamarckism is more humane and optimistic than Darwinism .

Supporters is claimed Shaw

Supporters is claimed Koestler

374
Thomas Hunt Morgan Dickens and Qazi Rahman  have written epigenetic mechanisms such as DNA methylation and histone modification are genetically inherited under the control of natural selection and do not challenge the modern synthesis .

Dickens written methylation

375
They concluded the characteristics that are thought to be the result of Epigenetics may be caused by other factors such as behavioral changes , undetected mutations , Microbiota alterations or the transmission of metabolites .

They be concluded changes

They be concluded mutations

They be concluded alterations

They be concluded transmission

376
All other Prelate , including the religious institute Prelate such as abbots and major superiors , are based upon this original model of prelacy .

null null Prelate

377
Despite these reservations , the film was screened at the festival and won both the Italian Critics Award and the Golden Lion award -- introducing western audiences , including western directors , more noticeably to both Akira Kurosawa 's films and techniques , such as shooting directly into the sun and using mirrors to reflect sunlight onto the actor 's faces .

378
Radio transmitters and receivers are used to convey signals  in systems including broadcast  radio , television , mobile telephones , Wi-Fi  data networks , Trunking and point-to-point communications links  , satellite links , many remote controlled devices such as garage door openers , and wireless remote sensors , among many others .

null null radio

null null television

null null telephones

null null networks

null null Trunking

null null links

379
Pidgin (software) 's support for XMPP means that these Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol can be used to communicate via otherwise unsupported Network protocol , including not only instant messaging Network protocol , but also Network protocol such as SMS or E-mail .

support means only

support means protocol

380
The International Finance Centre 's towers have featured in several Hollywood films , including , where Lara Croft leaps off the then-under-construction 2 International Finance Centre , landing on a ship out in the Kowloon Bay , and The Dark Knight (film) , where Batman leapt from 2 International Finance Centre to 1 International Finance Centre , where an action scene then takes place .

381
Handley Page developed several large biplane airliners , including the luxurious Handley Page H.P.42 , for use on British Empire routes to Africa and India .

Page developed H.P.

382
However more ambitious movements also developed from this insight into human culture , initially Romanticism and Historicism , and eventually both the Communism of Karl Marx , and the modern forms of nationalism inspired by the French Revolution , including , in one extreme , the German Nazi movement .

383
With the advent of the Russian Revolution (1917) in 1917 , additional regulations and orders were added to make the membership in a number of organizations , including Socialism and Communism organizations , forbidden .

null null Socialism

null null organizations

384
The scientific objectives of the experiment fall into four areas including  measurement of the solar heating profile for studies of the thermal balance of Titan (moon) ;  imaging and spectral reflection measurements of the surface for studies of the composition , topography , and physical processes which form the surface as well as for direct measurements of the wind profile during the descent ;  measurements of the brightness and degree of linear polarization of scattered sunlight including the solar aureole together with measurements of the extinction optical depth of the Particulate as a function of wavelength and altitude to study the size , shape , vertical distribution , optical properties , sources and sinks of Particulate in Titan (moon) 's atmosphere ; and  measurements of the spectrum of downward solar flux to study the composition of the atmosphere , especially the mixing ratio profile of methane throughout the descent .

objectives fall measurement

objectives fall aureole

NoList: 1609

SuchAs: 379

Including: 9

1
Internet Start served as the default home page for Internet Explorer and offered basic information such as news , weather , sports , stocks , entertainment reports , links to other websites on the Internet , articles by Microsoft staff members , and software updates for Windows 8 .

Start served reports

2
The new website put MSN in direct competition with sites such as Yahoo! and Go Network .

website put Yahoo!

3
The consonant r is rare though existent in Chinook Jargon , and English language and French language loan words , such as rice and merci , have changed in their adoption to the Jargon , to lice and mahsie , respectively .

4
Critical theory such as Theodor Adorno and Zygmunt Bauman propose that modernity or industrialization represents a departure from the central tenets of the Enlightenment in Western secular tradition and towards nefarious processes of social alienation , such as commodity fetishism and the Holocaust  .

theory propose Adorno

theory propose Bauman

theory propose fetishism

theory propose Holocaust

5
The concept has also been identified in classical Greek drama , Roman satire , and Renaissance literature such as Don Quixote and the picaresque rogue .

null Quixote

null rogue

6
The term Antihero was first used as early as 1714 , emerging in works such as Rameau's Nephew in the 18th century , and is also used more broadly to cover Byronic hero as well .

null Nephew

7
Literary Romanticism in the 19th century helped popularize new forms of the Antihero , such as the Gothic double .

Literary helped double

8
The Antihero became prominent in early 20th century Existentialism works such as Franz Kafka 's The Metamorphosis  , Jean-Paul Sartre 's Nausea (novel)   , and Albert Camus ' The Stranger (novel)   .

Antihero became Metamorphosis

9
The American Antihero of the 1950s and 1960s  was typically more proactive than his French counterpart ; with characters such as Jack Kerouac 's Dean Moriarty famously taking to the road to vanquish his ennui .

Antihero was proactive Moriarty

10
In other works Bernard Lewis argued Arab rage against Israel was disproportionate to other tragedies or injustices in the Muslim world , such as the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan and control of Muslim-majority land in Central Asia , the bloody and destructive fighting during the Hama massacre  , the Algerian civil war  , and the Iran–Iraq War  .

Lewis was argued invasion

Lewis was argued control

11
As the chief litigator for the Women 's Rights Project , Ruth Bader Ginsburg briefed and argued several landmark cases in front of the Supreme Court , such as Reed v. Reed , 404 U.S. 71  , wherein the Court extended the protections of the Equal Protection Clause to women for the first time .

Ginsburg briefed Reed

Ginsburg briefed Reed

12
In those hearings , Ruth Bader Ginsburg did not answer questions involving matters such as Abortion in the United States , LGBT rights in the United States , Separation of church and state in the United States , and disability rights .

Ginsburg answer Abortion

13
Most of the health services are supported by UN International agency and international organizations such as WHO , UNICEF , SRCS , COOPI , MERLIN , WORLD VISION , CDP , and PSI .

14
The Northern Paiute community thrived upon a subsistence pattern of foraging and augmenting their diets with fish , pine nuts , wild game , and foraging for roots such as Cyperus esculentus .

community thrived esculentus

15
Martin Carthy Order of the British Empire  is an English folk music singer and guitarist who has remained one of the most influential figures in British traditional music , inspiring contemporaries such as Bob Dylan and Paul Simon and later artists such as Richard Thompson (musician) since Martin Carthy emerged as a young musician in the early days of the folk revival .

Order is singer Dylan

Order is singer Simon

Order is singer Thompson

16
Semi-regulars were dwarf actor David Rappaport who played characters such as Green Nigel '  and the Fonzie-like Shades , Emil Wolk and puppeteer Trevor East Sally James (presenter) with a giant parrot , presumably to fill the void left by Bob Carolgees .

Semi-regulars were Rappaport Nigel

Semi-regulars were Rappaport Shades

17
Saturday Stayback received much less controversy than O.T.T. , and also introduced new talent such as Phil Cool and Tony Slattery .

Stayback received Cool

Stayback received Slattery

18
Many Swagman interacted with aborigines along their travels ; bushwear designer R.M. Williams spent his latter teen years as a Swagman travelling across the Nullarbor Plain , picking up bushcraft and survival skills from local aboriginal tribes such as cutting Acacia aneura , tracking kangaroos and finding water .

19
The Safari was used in many adventure films such as the Tarzan , Jungle Jim , and Bomba the Jungle Boy film series up to The Naked Prey  where Cornel Wilde , a white hunter , becomes game himself .

Wilde becomes Tarzan

Wilde becomes Jim

Wilde becomes Bomba

20
There are such ensemble examples of the form as the passacaille Les plaisirs ont choisi from Jean-Baptiste Lully 's opera Armide (Lully)  and Dido 's lament , When I am Laid in Earth , in Henry Purcell 's Dido and Aeneas , and others , such as the aria Piango , gemo , sospiro by Antonio Vivaldi , or Usurpator tiranno and Stabat Mater by Giovanni Felice Sances , et al. .

examples are aria

21
Passacaglia for lute have been composed by figures such as Alessandro Piccinini , G. H. Kapsberger , Sylvius Leopold Weiss , Esaias Reusner , Count Logy , Robert de Visée , Jacques Bittner , Philipp Franz Lesage De Richee , Gleitsmann , Dufaut , Gallot , Denis Gaultier , Ennemond Gaultier , and Roman Turovsky-Savchuk , a Passacaglia for bandura by Julian Kytasty , and for baroque guitar by Paulo Galvão , Santiago de Murcia , Francisco Guerau , Gaspar Sanz , and Marcello Vitale .

null Piccinini

null Kapsberger

null Weiss

null Reusner

null Logy

null Visée

null Bittner

null Richee

null Gaultier

null Gaultier

null Turovsky-Savchuk

22
Benjamin Britten also employed the form in smaller vocal forms , such as the Serenade for Tenor, Horn and Strings  and The Holy Sonnets of John Donne  for voice and piano , as well as in purely instrumental compositions , notably in the second and third Cello suites (Britten) , second and third string quartets , the Cello Symphony (Britten) , and the Nocturnal for guitar .

Britten employed Serenade

23
Starting from the compound , non-ruler titles that were attested among Bulgar language noble class such as kavkhan  , tarkhan , and boritarkhan , scholars derive the title khan or kan for the early Bulgar language leader -- if there was a vicekhan  there was probably a full khan , too .

titles derive kavkhan

titles derive tarkhan

titles derive boritarkhan

24
Parts of the Gedo region , such as the Daawo region , have rocky mountains , while red sand is found in all areas and white sand dunes across the Jubba Valley .

Parts have region

25
Predator of Darter are mainly large carnivorous birds , including passerines like the Australian raven  and house crow  , and birds of prey such as marsh harriers  or Pallas's fish eagle  .

Predator are birds harriers

Predator are birds eagle

26
In bipolar disorder , Atypical antipsychotic are most commonly used to rapidly control mania and mixed episodes , often in conjunction with mood stabilizers  such as Lithium (medication) and Sodium valproate .

null Lithium

null valproate

27
Don Norman continued his work to further human centered design by serving on numerous university and government advisory boards such as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency  .

Norman continued Agency

28
Soon , Ralph McTell mastered skiffle classics such as Do n't You Rock Me , Daddy-O , and by his second year at school , Ralph McTell formed a skiffle band .

29
Ralph McTell was persuaded to join a Bluegrass music-influenced band called the Hickory Nuts , who performed all over England and , despite playing in some dire places for pin money early on , ended up with decent fees and respectable crowds in venues such as Croydon 's Fairfield Halls .

Bluegrass performed Halls

30
For his up close tour in September 2006 , Blind Willie McTell performed a set billed as Bob Dylan , Woody Guthrie and The Country Blues ' , featuring his covers of songs by Woody Guthrie , Bob Dylan and black American blues artists such as Big Bill Broonzy .

McTell performed Broonzy

31
Austin Robertson, Jr. managed several high profile Australian cricketers such as Dennis Lillee .

Jr. managed Lillee

32
The team captained by Eddie Barlow was made of recently retired cricketers , such as Rohan Kanhai , David Holford and Ian Redpath and occasionally young Australians such as Trevor Chappell .

null Kanhai

null Holford

null Redpath

null Australians

null Chappell

33
In the Australian team , there was a division between the players who stayed loyal to the official XI and the Frank Packer rebels , especially between players such as Dennis Lillee , Rod Marsh , former WSC players and Kim Hughes who stuck with the official side .

division was Lillee

division was Marsh

division was players

division was Hughes

34
The lyrics of several entries celebrated the revolution and democratisation that had occurred in central and eastern Europe in the preceding months , focusing especially on the fall of the Berlin Wall in November Eurovision Song Contest 1989 , such as in the Brandenburger Tor (song) and Keine Mauern mehr entries .

35
One such recording from WCBS-TV in New York City featured anchor Rolland Smith teasing a story on fighting the frizzies for that night 's 11 p.m. news , an ID which itself has gained popularity over the years on the Internet and television shows such as South Park .

recording featured Park

36
The Wookiee planet of Kashyyyk is featured in various novels , comic books , and video games , including , the cartoon micro-series known as , and video games such as , , , , Star Wars Galactic Battlegrounds , and .

37
Native Americans in the United States refugees from northern wars , such as the Yuchi and Yamasee after the Yamasee War in South Carolina , migrated into Florida in the early 18th century .

Americans migrated Yuchi

Americans migrated Yamasee

38
Contemporary southeastern Native Americans in the United States tribes , such as the Seminole and Muscogee Creek , still practice these ceremonies .

Americans practice Creek

39
Presbyterians and Methodists , as well as congregationalist religious bodies such as Unitarian Universalism , often include congregational singing , readings , and a period of silent meditation , contemplation , or prayer .

Presbyterians include Universalism

40
While Beetle Bailey 's unit is Company A , one running gag is that the characters are variously seen in different branches of the Army , such as artillery , Armoured warfare , infantry and Paratrooper .

unit is A artillery

unit is A warfare

unit is A infantry

unit is A Paratrooper

41
While the Model 1777 was used in the American Revolutionary War , it was generally only used by French people French Army who served on American soil , such as those under the command of Jean-Baptiste Donatien de Vimeur, comte de Rochambeau .

Army served those

42
One sequence emphasizes the adventures during the 1970s of psychic investigator Richard Jeperson ; the stories homage various aspects of 1970s British society , through adventures reminiscent of '70s television series such as The Avengers (TV series) and Department S (TV series) .

sequence emphasizes Avengers

sequence emphasizes S

43
Because they are the states that traditionally hold their respective contests first , the Iowa caucus and the New Hampshire primary usually attract the most media attention ; however , critics , such as Mississippi Secretary of State Eric Clark and Tennessee Senator Bill Brock Bill Brock , point out that these states are not representative of the United States as a whole : they are overwhelmingly white  , more rural , and wealthier than the national average , and neither is in the fast-growing Western United States or Southern United States .

they is states Secretary

they is states Brock

44
In its appendix of references , the XSD specification acknowledges the influence of Document Type Definition and other early XML schema efforts such as DDML , Schema for Object-Oriented XML , XML-Data , and XDR Schema .

specification acknowledges DDML

specification acknowledges Schema

specification acknowledges XML-Data

specification acknowledges Schema

45
The use of Basque language  terminology in the present territory of Colombia goes back to the early exploration occurred in 1499 , during the Voyages of Christopher Columbus , it is said that from that time the territory experienced a strong presence of Basques including prominent figures such as the pilot and geographer Juan de la Cosa , nicknamed El Vizcaino  .

use goes pilot

use goes Cosa

46
Trevor Francis introduced players with top-level experience such as Manchester United F.C. skipper Steve Bruce .

Francis introduced Bruce

47
Since 2006 , the forest has been used as an open air music venue as part of the Forestry Commission nationwide Forest Tour , with acts such as The Zutons , The Feeling , Status Quo  and Jools Holland playing in a forest clearing .

null Zutons

null The

null Quo

null Holland

48
According to the biblical account , Samson was given supernatural strength by God in order to combat his enemies and perform heroic feats such as killing a lion , slaying an entire army with only the mandible of an Asinus , and destroying Canaanite religion .

49
This idea is not new : C. I. Lewis was led to invent modal logic , and specifically strict implication , on the grounds that classical logic grants paradoxes of material implication such as the principle that Vacuous truth .

idea is new principle

50
Business rule can be expressed using modeling approaches such as Unified Modeling Language , Z notation , Business Process Execution Language , Business Process Modeling Notation , Decision Model and Notation or the Semantics of Business Vocabulary and Business Rules  .

approaches Process Language

51
According to Pierre Gilliard , There are various explanations for Grigori Rasputin 's ability , such as that Grigori Rasputin hypnotized Alexei Nikolaevich, Tsarevich of Russia , administered herbs to him , or that his advice to the Tsarina not to let the doctors bother Alexei Nikolaevich, Tsarevich of Russia too much aided the boy 's healing .

52
Epiphyte , such as Bromeliaceae , Spanish moss  , Orchidaceae and ferns grow on the branches and trunks of cypress trees .

53
It told a brief history of the franchise from its radio days to the CBS series , and featured interviews with then-surviving cast members , as well as then-popular black television stars , such as Redd Foxx and Marla Gibbs , reflecting on the show 's impact on their careers .

54
Asymptomatic or subclinical infection carriers are now known to be a common feature of many infectious diseases , especially viruses such as polio , herpes simplex , HIV , and hepatitis C.

null be polio

null be simplex

null be HIV

null be C.

55
A Musket Cartridge (firearms) consisted of a pre-measured amount of black powder and ammunition such as a round ball , Nessler ball or Minié ball all wrapped up in paper .

Cartridge consisted ball

Cartridge consisted ball

Cartridge consisted ball

56
Flintlocks from the Napoleonic Wars such as the Brown Bess or Charleville musket are common , as are many of the Musket  used during the American Civil War .

Flintlocks are common Bess

Flintlocks are common musket

57
Modern Musket designs are also available , such as those made by Thompson Center , though they are often just called Muzzle (firearms) loaders or black powder rifles instead of Musket .

58
Many of Martin Luther hymns were later harmonized for multiple voices by other composers , and were also used in other polyphonic music such as the cantatas of Johann Sebastian Bach .

null cantatas

59
In Islam , Veneration is practiced by sects such as the Shia Islam and Sufism , and in many parts of Southeast Asia , along with Folk religion , which often incorporates local beliefs and practices .

religion incorporates Islam

religion incorporates Sufism

60
Now , the Catholic Church tradition has a well established philosophy for the veneration of the Virgin Mary via the field of Mariology with Pontifical schools such as the Marianum specifically devoted to this task .

tradition has Marianum

61
While Umkhonto we Sizwe were able to rebuild an army -- one capable of attacking prestigious targets such as the refineries at Sasolburg  -- the force also suffered from appalling breakdowns of discipline and there were many accusations that many new recruits were being tortured or killed by an excessive physical training regime , such as forcing recruits to run 25 kilometres without resting or lifting weights as heavy as 150 kilograms .

Umkhonto being able refineries

62
The Sunday roast is a traditional British cuisine and Irish main meal that is traditionally served on Sunday , consisting of roasted meat , Potato or mashed potato , with accompaniments such as Yorkshire pudding , stuffing , vegetables and gravy .

roast is cuisine pudding

roast is cuisine stuffing

roast is cuisine vegetables

roast is cuisine gravy

63
In advanced mathematics , some Function (mathematics) exist because of an axiom , such as the Axiom of Choice .

Function exist Axiom

64
Even though enclosed , dome Stadium are called Stadium because they are large enough for , and designed for , what are generally considered to be outdoor sports such as athletics , American football , association football , Rugby football , and baseball .

they be large athletics

they be large football

they be large football

they be large football

they be large baseball

65
Poor Stadium design has contributed to disasters , such as the Hillsborough disaster and the Heysel Stadium disaster .

design contributed disaster

design contributed disaster

66
Also , many new European football Stadium , such as the Reebok Stadium and Emirates Stadium in England and Westfalenstadion and Allianz Arena in Germany have been corporately named .

null Stadium

null Stadium

null Arena

67
Also important was the use of large Stadium for United States tours by bands in the later 1960s , such as The Rolling Stones , Grand Funk Railroad and Led Zeppelin .

tours was use Stones

tours was use Railroad

tours was use Zeppelin

68
In addition to source compatibility with Qt (framework) , the Harmony project also aimed to add functionality such as multi-threaded applications and pluggable themes , features that Qt (framework) itself later added .

project features applications

project features themes

69
The lyrics of Christianity spirituals reference symbolic aspects of Biblical images such as Moses and Israel 's The Exodus from Egypt in songs such as Michael Row the Boat Ashore .

lyrics reference Moses

lyrics reference Boat

70
Among the dominant trends in the Post-Painterly Abstraction are Hard-edge painting such as Ellsworth Kelly and Frank Stella who explored relationships between tightly ruled shapes and edges , in Frank Stella 's case , between the shapes depicted on the surface and the literal shape of the support and Color Field such as Helen Frankenthaler and Morris Louis , who stained first Magna paint then water-based acrylic paints into unprimed canvas , exploring tactile and optical aspects of large , vivid fields of pure , open color .

Abstraction are painting Kelly

Abstraction are painting Stella

Abstraction are painting Frankenthaler

Abstraction are painting Louis

71
For specialized applications , NoSQL architectures such as Google 's BigTable can further enhance scalability .

architectures enhance BigTable

72
This film is famous for the range of cinematic techniques Dziga Vertov invents , deploys or develops , such as Multiple exposure , Time-lapse , slow motion , Freeze frame shot , jump cuts , Split screen (film) , Dutch angle , extreme close-ups , tracking shots , footage played backwards , stop motion and self-reflexive visuals  .

73
Each of its members were seasoned veterans of the music industry before Haruomi Hosono formed the band as a one-off exploration of computerized exotica , initially paying tribute to performers such as Les Baxter and Martin Denny while also parodying Western culture conceptions of the orient .

Each were veterans Baxter

Each were veterans Denny

74
Prior to the group 's formation , Ryuichi Sakamoto had been Experimental music with Electronic musical instrument at the Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music , which he entered in 1970 , including synthesizers such as the Buchla , Moog synthesizer , and ARP Instruments, Inc. .

Sakamoto been music Buchla

Sakamoto been music synthesizer

Sakamoto been music Instruments

75
The band was initially conceived as a one-off studio project by Haruomi Hosono , the other two members being recruited session musicians -- the idea was to produce an album fusing orientalist exotica with modern electronics , as a subversion of Orientalism and exoticization , while exploring similar themes such as Asian people .

idea was people

76
Yellow Magic Orchestra also popularized a style of Concert that eschewed human movement in favour of electronics such as Drum machine and Sampler (musical instrument) .

Orchestra popularized machine

Orchestra popularized Sampler

77
Yellow Magic Orchestra are considered pioneers in the field of popular electronic music , and continue to be remixed or Sampling (music) by modern artists , including experimental artist Yamantaka Eye , electronica group LFO  , Drum and bass band 4hero , electrolatino artist Uwe Schmidt , Ambient music House music pioneers The Orb and 808 State , electronic music groups Orbital  and The Human League , hip hop pioneer Afrika Bambaataa , and mainstream pop musicians such as Michael Jackson , Quincy Jones , Greg Phillinganes , Eric Clapton , Mariah Carey , and Jennifer Lopez .

Orchestra continue Jackson

Orchestra continue Jones

Orchestra continue Phillinganes

Orchestra continue Clapton

Orchestra continue Carey

Orchestra continue Lopez

78
Yellow Magic Orchestra continued to influence later techno musicians such as Surgeon (musician) , Mike Paradinas , and Harald Blüchel .

Orchestra continued musician

Orchestra continued Paradinas

Orchestra continued Blüchel

79
In the 1990s , Yellow Magic Orchestra had an impact on Ambient music House music pioneers such as The Orb and 808 State , as well as Ultramarine (band) and other ambient/house artists .

Orchestra had Orb

Orchestra had State

80
The band 's use of oriental Musical film scales and Video game music has continued to be an influence on 21st-century electronica acts such as Dizzee Rascal , Kieran Hebden , and Ikonika .

use be continued Rascal

use be continued Hebden

use be continued Ikonika

81
They influenced many early British synthpop acts , including Ultravox , John Foxx , Gary Numan , Duran Duran , Depeche Mode , Camouflage (band) , Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark , The Human League , Visage (band) , and Art of Noise , as well as American rock musicians such as Todd Rundgren .

They influenced Rundgren

82
The song was also later included in Playgroup  's compilation album Kings of Electro  , alongside later Electro music classics such as Hashim Music 's Al-Nafyish  .

null Al-Nafyish

83
They also inspired early Ambient music techno artists such as Tetsu Inoue , and the classical music composer Joe Hisaishi .

They inspired Inoue

84
Many rivers spring from this area -- the most important being the Chicamocha River and Arauca River and tributaries to other important rivers such as the Magdalena River and Meta River .

null River

null River

85
Iceland achieved its overall aims , to the detriment of the already declining British fisheries , severely affecting the economies of northern fishing ports in the United Kingdom , such as Grimsby , Kingston upon Hull , and Fleetwood .

Iceland achieved Grimsby

86
While Steve Winwood was still a pupil at the Great Barr School , Steve Winwood was a part of the Birmingham rhythm and blues scene , playing the Hammond Organ and guitar , backing blues singers such as Muddy Waters , John Lee Hooker , T-Bone Walker , Howlin' Wolf , B.B. King , Sonny Boy Williamson II , Eddie Boyd , Otis Spann , Chuck Berry and Bo Diddley on their United Kingdom tours , the custom at that time being for US singers to travel solo and be backed by pickup bands .

Winwood was pupil Waters

Winwood was pupil Hooker

Winwood was pupil Walker

Winwood was pupil King

Winwood was pupil II

Winwood was pupil Boyd

Winwood was pupil Spann

Winwood was pupil Berry

Winwood was pupil Diddley

87
This partnership was the source of most of Traffic (band) 's material , including popular songs such as Paper Sun and The Low Spark of High-Heeled Boys (song) , and outlived the band , producing several songs for Steve Winwood and Jim Capaldi 's solo albums .

partnership was material Sun

partnership was material Spark

88
Compression artifact occur in many common media such as DVD , common computer file formats such as JPEG , MP3 , or MPEG files , and some alternatives to the compact disc , such as Sony MiniDisc format .

artifact occur DVD

artifact occur JPEG

artifact occur MP3

artifact occur files

artifact occur format

89
Propranolol is marketed in India under brand names such as Ciplar and Ciplar LA by Cipla , also other brands from AstraZeneca and Wyeth under brand names Inderal , Inderal LA , Avlocardyl , Deralin , Dociton , Inderalici , InnoPran XL , Sumial , Anaprilinum , and Bedranol SR  .

null LA

null Anaprilinum

null SR

90
National Educational Television ceased to operate as a separate network from that point , although some NET-branded programming , such as National Educational Television Journal , remained part of the PBS schedule for another couple of years before the brand was finally retired .

Television ceased Journal

91
Some programs that began their runs on National Educational Television , such as Washington Week and Sesame Street , continue to air on PBS today .

programs began Week

programs began Street

92
Tourist attractions include natural features such as the Creux du Van , lookout peaks such as the Chasseral , caves such as the Grottes de l'Orbe , and Canyon such as Taubenloch .

attractions include Van

attractions include Chasseral

attractions include l'Orbe

attractions include Canyon

attractions include Taubenloch

93
Under the International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants , other infraspecific ranks , such as Variety (botany)  may be named .

null Variety

94
In botany , Subspecies is one of many ranks below that of species , such as Variety (botany) , subvariety , form  , and subform .

Subspecies is one botany

95
An Infraspecific name (botany) includes the species binomial , and one infraspecific epithet , such as Subspecies or Variety (botany) .

name includes Subspecies

name includes botany

96
These contributions are usually credited to outside collaborators , but in the Spin (magazine) interview as well as a letter to DJ Irwin Chusid the artist admitted to having overdubbed parts himself on occasion , such as on the album The Rocks Crumble .

artist admitted album

97
For them the questions regarding Jandek 's true identity , such as whether or not Jandek is Jandek , are completely irrelevant .

questions are irrelevant whether

questions are irrelevant not

98
In this campaign , Augustus erected monuments such as the Ara Pacis , the Altar of Peace , showing the Roman Emperor and his family worshiping the gods .

Augustus erected Pacis

99
Critics have used the term perpetual war in reference to War as metaphor , such as the War on Drugs , War on Poverty , War on Cancer , Lou Dobbs 's War on the Middle Class , or the War on Terrorism , the War on Women , or Bill O'Reilly (political commentator) 's War on Christmas .

Critics used War

Critics used War

Critics used War

Critics used War

Critics used War

100
Some people , such as the following authors , have inferred , insinuated , or suggested that entering a state of perpetual war becomes progressively easier in a modern Democracy republic , such as the United States , due to the development of a relationship network between people who wield political and economic power also owning capital in companies that financially profit from war , lobby for war , and influence public opinion of war through influence of mass media outlets that control the presentation for the causes of war , the effects of war , and the Censorship of war :  The Iron Triangle : Inside the Secret World of the Carlyle Group  by Dan Briody ;  The Pentagon Labyrinth : 10 Short Essays to Help You Through It  an anthology by nine authors who are Pierre M. Sprey , , Franklin C. Spinney , Bruce I. Gudmundsson , Col. G. I. Wilson , Col. Chet Richards , Andrew Cockburn , Thomas Christie , and Winslow T. Wheeler ;  Prophets of War : Lockheed Martin and the Making of the Military-Industrial Complex  , by William D. Hartung ;  Media Control , Second Edition : The Spectacular Achievements of Propaganda  , by Noam Chomsky ; and  Manufacturing Consent : The Political Economy of the Mass Media  , by Edward S. Herman and Noam Chomsky .

101
Aspects of any given empire , such as the British Empire and its relation to its domestic businesses that were owned by a wealthy minority of individuals , such as the East India Company , the Hudson's Bay Company , and De Beers , manifest an observed relationship between a minority of individuals influencing Empire or State policy , such as the Child's War in India , the Anglo-Mysore Wars in India , the Anglo-French conflicts on Hudson Bay in Canada , and the Second Boer War in South Africa , follow a pattern where the Empire allocates resources pursuing and sustaining policies that financially profit the Empire 's domestic business 's owners .

Aspects follow Empire

Aspects follow relation

Aspects follow Company

Aspects follow War

102
Higher-ranking monsignors are given the title of honorary Prelate of H. H. In some countries such as Germany ; they are addressed as Mr. Prelate while regular Prelate are addressed with their other titles and respective courteous forms , such as Mr. Bishop , Your Lordship etc. .

null Germany

null Bishop

103
Íngrid Betancourt has received multiple international awards , such as the Légion d'honneur .

Betancourt received d'honneur

104
Íngrid Betancourt also met with international heads of state and international personalities such as Secretary General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon , Pope Benedict XVI , King Juan Carlos of Spain and Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero , President Álvaro Uribe of Colombia , President Hugo Chávez of Venezuela and President Cristina Kirchner of Argentina .

Betancourt met General

105
English poetry is rich with examples of assonance : It also occurs in prose : English language hip hop relies on assonance , which is sometimes hard to distinguish from half rhyme : It is also heard in other forms of popular music : Assonance is common in proverbs , such as : These proverbs can be a form of short poetry , as in the following Oromo language proverb , which describes someone with a big reputation among those who do not know them well : Note the complete assonance in this Amharic language proverb : linguistics .

106
For the long term , Canada plans to replace the borrowed Leopard 2 tanks with a purchase of 100 surplus vehicles from the Netherlands , including 20 Leopard 1 2A6Ms for combat service , 40 Leopard 1 2A4s for training , and 20 support vehicles , such as Armoured Recovery Vehicle , Bridge-Layers and Armoured Engineer vehicles .

Canada plans vehicles

107
such as an oversized teddy bear that Mr. Snuffleupagus had left behind , or segments in which Mr. Snuffleupagus interacted with other characters , such as a street scene where Mr. Snuffleupagus was seen playing London Bridge Is Falling Down with some of the neighborhood kids .

Snuffleupagus left scene

108
Fall Family Weekend is an opportunity for students ' family members to experience West Virginia University campus life by attending classes , athletic events , college presentations , and student events such as West Virginia University Up All Night .

Weekend is opportunity University

109
The band 's American football pre-game show includes traditions such as the Drumline 's Tunnel and Boogie cadences , the 220?beat per minute run-on cadence to start the performance , marching the WV logo down field to the University fight song , Fight West Virginia Mountaineers , expanding circles during Simple Gifts , and the formation of the state 's outline during Hail, West Virginia .

show includes Tunnel

show includes cadences

110
Some postal systems have resorted to surcharge Overprint when converting to a new national monetary system , such as Postage stamps and postal history of Sierra Leone did when the Commonwealth of Nations converted to decimal currency in the 1960s .

systems resorted stamps

systems resorted history

111
In the 1920s , Economics , such as Paul Nystrom  , proposed that changes in the style of life , made feasible by the economics of the industrial age , had induced to the mass of society a philosophy of futility that would increase the Consumerism of goods and services as a social fashion ; an activity done for its own sake .

Economics proposed Nystrom

112
In the case of exceptionally large Sinkhole , such as the Minyé Sinkhole in Papua New Guinea or Cedar Sink at Mammoth Cave National Park in Kentucky , an underground stream or river may be visible across its bottom flowing from one side to the other .

stream be visible Sinkhole

113
Sinkhole also form from human activity , such as the collapse of abandoned minings and salt cavern storage in salt domes in places like Louisiana , Mississippi and Texas .

Sinkhole form collapse

114
Some Sinkhole form when the land surface is changed , such as when industrial and runoff-storage ponds are created ; the substantial weight of the new material can trigger an underground collapse of supporting material , thus causing a Sinkhole .

115
Work on the second and third submarines , HMS Ambush (S120) and Artful , proceeded well with major milestones such as the closure of HMS Ambush (S120) reactor compartment , demonstrating significant schedule advance compared with Astute .

Work proceeded closure

116
The galleries display both scientific exhibits such as John Logie Baird 's original apparatus and television ephemera such as Wallace and Gromit and the Play School (UK TV series) toys .

galleries display apparatus

galleries display ephemera

galleries display Wallace

galleries display Gromit

117
Developed by the Mikoyan design bureau as an air superiority fighter during the 1970s , the MiG-29 , along with the larger Sukhoi Su-27 , was developed to counter new American fighters such as the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle , and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon .

null Eagle

118
The Federation of American Scientists claims the MiG-29 is equal to , or better than the F-15C in some areas such as short aerial engagements because of the Helmet mounted display  and better maneuverability at slow speeds .

Federation is claims engagements

119
Some promising suspects were cleared , and the Mole (espionage) hunt found other penetrations such as CIA officer Harold James Nicholson .

hunt found Nicholson

120
The M4 Sherman  and British tanks such as the Centurion tank , Churchill tank , and Cromwell tank also entered the war .

M4 entered tank

M4 entered tank

M4 entered tank

121
German military intelligence in World War II referred to the two main production families as T-34 / 76 and T-34 / 85 , with subvariants receiving letter designations such as T-34 / 76A -- this nomenclature has been widely used in the West , especially in popular literature .

intelligence referred T-34

122
In many World War II films , such as Saving Private Ryan , The Battle of Neretva , and Kelly's Heroes , T-34-85 tanks were modified to resemble Tiger I tanks , due to the rarity of the latter vehicle .

null Ryan

123
The Sumptuariae Leges of Ancient Rome were various laws passed to prevent inordinate expense  in banquets and dress , such as the use of expensive Tyrian purple dye .

Leges were laws use

124
He suggests that consumption levels of Luxury good such as tea , sugar , fine silk , tobacco and eating utensils were on a par with Core-periphery in Europe until industrial expansion .

He were suggests silk

He were suggests tobacco

He were suggests eating

125
The groups covered included Jew , Muslims , Heresy such as Cathar  , lepers and sufferers from some other medical conditions , and prostitutes .

groups covered Cathar

126
Fiona Stanley 's research also includes strategies to enhance health and well-being in populations ; the causes and prevention of birth defects and major neurological disorders such as cerebral palsy ; the causes and lifelong consequences of low birth weight ; and patterns of maternal and child health in Indigenous Australians and Caucasian populations .

research includes palsy

127
Patti LaBelle 's success has extended as an actress with a notable role in the film , A Soldier's Story , and in TV shows such as A Different World and .

success extended World

128
As lead singer of the idiosyncratic group Labelle , Patti LaBelle has been called one of the pioneers of the disco movement due to singles such as Lady Marmalade and Messin With My Mind .

null Marmalade

129
While the details and chronology vary , most biographies mention Adi Shankara traveling widely within India , Gujarat to Bengal , and participating in public philosophical debates with different orthodox schools of Hindu philosophy , as well as heterodox traditions such as Buddhists , Jains , Arhatas , Saugatas , and Carvakas .

details vary Buddhists

details vary Jains

details vary Arhatas

details vary Saugatas

details vary Carvakas

130
Adi Shankara is also widely credited with commentaries on other scriptural works , such as the Vishnu sahasranama and the Sanatsujatiya , but both these are considered apocryphal by scholars who have expressed doubts .

scholars expressed sahasranama

scholars expressed Sanatsujatiya

131
Adi Shankara , in his text Upadesasahasri , discourages ritual Puja (Hinduism) such as oblations to Deva  , because that assumes the Self within is different from the Brahman .

Shankara is discourages oblations

132
However , Adi Shankara also asserts that Self-knowledge is realized when one 's mind is purified by an ethical life that observes Yamas such as Ahimsa  and Niyama .

Shankara asserts Ahimsa

Shankara asserts Niyama

133
Adi Shankara emphasizes the need for ethics such as Akrodha and Yamas during Brahmacharya , stating the lack of ethics as causes that prevent students from attaining knowledge .

Shankara emphasizes Akrodha

Shankara emphasizes Yamas

134
Many of Adi Shankara 's biographies were created and published in and after 14th century , such as the widely cited Vidyaranya 's ?ankara-vijaya .

null widely

135
It may be these circumstances , suggest scholars , that grew and credited Adi Shankara for various Hindu festive traditions such as the Kumbh Mela -- one of the world 's largest periodic religious pilgrimages .

It be circumstances Mela

136
Clarithromycin may double the level of carbamazepine in the body by reducing its clearance , which may lead to toxic symptoms of carbamazepine , such as Diplopia Ataxia , nausea , as well as hyponatremia .

Clarithromycin double Ataxia

137
Before the line closures of the Beeching Axe , the lines to Buxton railway station and via Millers Dale railway station during most years presented an alternate  Manchester, Buxton, Matlock and Midlands Junction Railway from London to Manchester , carrying named expresses such as The Palatine .

138
Express trains to Leeds and Scotland such as the Thames-Clyde Express mainly used the Midland 's corollary Erewash Valley Line , returned to it then used the Settle-Carlisle Railway .

trains used Express

139
Expresses to Edinburgh Waverley railway station , such as The Waverley travelled through Corby and Nottingham .

140
The city is an important educational centre in the state of Tamil Nadu , and houses nationally recognised institutions such as the Indian Institute of Management Tiruchirappalli  , Bharathidasan Institute of Management  , Indian Institute of Information Technology, Srirangam  and National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli  .

city is centre Institute

141
After independence in 1947 , Tiruchirappalli fell behind other cities such as Salem, Tamil Nadu and Coimbatore in terms of growth .

Tiruchirappalli fell Tamil

Tiruchirappalli fell Nadu

Tiruchirappalli fell Coimbatore

142
Tiruchirappalli was home to some of the prominent Carnatic musicians -- including Lalgudi Jayaraman , Srirangam Kannan and A. P. J. Abdul Kalam K. C. Rajagopalachari Natarajan -- and scholars such as T. K. Ramamoorthy S. Murugesan Pillai , Kundalam Rangachariar and K. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam P. Madhuri Viswanatham .

Tiruchirappalli was home Pillai

Tiruchirappalli was home Rangachariar

Tiruchirappalli was home Viswanatham

143
Preterists believe that Bible Prophecy -- such as the Second Coming , the desecration of the Second Temple , the destruction of Jerusalem , the Antichrist , the Great Tribulation , the advent of The Day of the Lord , and a Last Judgment -- had been fulfilled when the Romans destruction of Jerusalem and destroyed its Second Temple .

Preterists believe Coming

144
Mirza Ghulam Ahmad is seen as the Second coming and the Mahdi , fulfilling Islamic and Biblical Bible Prophecy , as well as scriptures of other religions such as Hinduism .

null Hinduism

145
The Royal Scottish Country Dance Society  , was founded in 1923 as the Royal Scottish Country Dance Society by Jean Milligan and Ysobel Stewart of Fasnacloich , who wanted to preserve Scottish country dance as performed in Scotland , Scottish country dance having fallen into disuse after the influx of continental ballroom dances such as the waltz or quadrilles and , later on , American-style dances like the One-step or Foxtrot (dance) .

Fasnacloich wanted waltz

Fasnacloich wanted quadrilles

146
The main problem in Scotland appears to be one of image , with other Scottish dance societies such as the St Andrews Celtic Society , founded in 1796 , and Dunedin in Edinburgh attracting many young dancers .

problem be appears Society

147
Late model T-72 , such as the T-72B , featured improved turret armour , visibly bulging the turret front -- nicknamed Super - Dolly Parton armour by Western intelligence .

T-72 featured T-72B

148
The July 1997 issue of Jane's International Defence Review confirmed that after the collapse of the USSR , US and German analysts had a chance to examine Soviet-made T-72 tanks equipped with Kontakt-5 ERA , and they proved impenetrable to most modern US and German tank projectiles ; : this sparked the development of more modern Western tank ammunition , such as the M829 and M829 .

issue confirmed M829

issue confirmed M829

149
The T-72 has been in extensive use in the Syrian Civil War by the Syrian Arab Army since 2011 and quite a few captured examples are used by the anti-government Free Syrian Army rebels and jihadists groups such as the Islamic Front (Syria) and the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria .

T-72 been use Front

T-72 been use State

150
Apple Inc. has not made the DAAP specification available to the general public , only to third-party licensees such as Roku .

Inc. made Roku

151
ITunes includes sound processing features , such as Equalization (audio) , sound enhancement and Crossfade  .

ITunes includes Equalization

ITunes includes enhancement

ITunes includes Crossfade

152
Podcast such as ITunes U , allow for students to review their lectures and notes , before exams or whenever they need to study .

Podcast allow ITunes

153
At Apple Worldwide Developers Conference  2013 , Apple Inc. announced ITunes Radio , geared to be an obvious competitor to preexisting streaming/radio services such as Pandora Radio , Spotify , Slacker Radio , and several others .

Inc. be announced Radio

Inc. be announced Spotify

Inc. be announced Radio

Inc. be announced others

154
Though ITunes itself can be installed where the user desires on Windows , ancillary applications such as Bonjour (software) , which are part of the ITunes installation , can not be placed in a user-desired directory .

Bonjour are part Bonjour

155
William Rockefeller Sr. revolutionized the petroleum industry , and along with other key contemporary industrialists such as Andrew Carnegie , defined the structure of modern philanthropy .

Sr. revolutionized Andrew

156
John D. Rockefeller bought a personal residence in 1884 on 54th street near the mansions of other magnates such as William Henry Vanderbilt .

Rockefeller bought Vanderbilt

157
John D. Rockefeller even gave dimes as a playful gesture to wealthy men , such as tire Business magnate Harvey Firestone .

Rockefeller gave Firestone

158
File Transfer Protocol , SMTP , HTTP and the usual web languages such as PHP and Perl are supported by Microsoft Personal Web Server .

null PHP

null Perl

159
A Euclidean vector such as or can be rewritten as or , where , , are unit vectors representing the three Cartesian coordinate system .

160
On 10 April 1981 , having discoursed daily for nearly 15 years , Rajneesh entered a three-and-a-half-year period of self-imposed public silence , and satsangs -- silent sitting with music and readings from spiritual works such as Khalil Gibran The Prophet (book) or the Isha Upanishad -- replaced discourses .

Rajneesh entered book

Rajneesh entered Upanishad

161
Rajneesh spoke on major spiritual traditions including Jainism , Hinduism , Hasidic Judaism , Tantrism , Taoism , Christianity , Buddhism , on a variety of Eastern and Western mystics and on sacred scriptures such as the Upanishad and the Guru Granth Sahib .

Rajneesh spoke Upanishad

Rajneesh spoke Sahib

162
Rajneesh believed humanity was threatened with extinction due to over-population , impending nuclear holocaust and diseases such as AIDS , and thought many of society 's ills could be remedied by scientific means .

Rajneesh believed AIDS

163
In 1991 , an influential Indian newspaper counted Rajneesh , along with figures such as Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi , among the ten people who had most changed India 's destiny ; in Rajneesh 's case , by liberating the minds of future generations from the shackles of religiosity and conformism .

newspaper counted Buddha

newspaper counted Gandhi

164
The Rajneesh International Foundation  runs stress management seminars for corporate clients such as IBM and BMW , with a reported  revenue between $ 15 and $ 45 million annually in the U.S. Rajneesh 's ashram in Pune has become the Rajneesh International Meditation Resort , one of India 's main tourist attractions .

Foundation runs IBM

Foundation runs BMW

165
Overdubs for the two Traveling Wilburys releases , recording and filming of The Beatle ' 1995 The Beatles Anthology project , interviews with family and friends for posthumous documentaries such as 2003 's Concert for George , the 2005 Concert for Bangladesh DVD release , and Martin Scorsese 's in 2011 ? all were carried out there at FPSHOT or just downstairs in the main part of the house .

null Concert

166
The All Things Must Pass track Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp (Let It Roll) was inspired by Friar Park 's history , and the lyrics of later songs such as Ding Dong, Ding Dong and The Answer's at the End directly quote from the many carvings around the property .

Things Pass Dong

167
Roy Rogers also made numerous cameo or guest appearances on other popular television shows , starring as himself or other cowboy-type characters , such as in an episode of Wonder Woman (TV series) called List of Wonder Woman (TV series) episodes .

168
These include some of the largest protozoa , such as Stentor (genus) and Spirostomum , as well as many brightly pigmented forms , such as certain Blepharisma .

These include Stentor

These include Spirostomum

These include Blepharisma

169
His followers came to share Uchimura Kanz? 's attitude that an organized church was actually a hindrance to the Christian faith , and Christian sacraments , such as baptism and Eucharist , are not essential to salvation .

followers are came baptism

followers are came Eucharist

170
In Islam , according to eminent theologians such as Al-Ghazali , although events are ordained  , humans possess free will to choose between wrong and right , and are thus responsible for their actions ; the conscience being a dynamic personal connection to God enhanced by knowledge and practise of the Five Pillars of Islam , deeds of piety , repentance , self-discipline and prayer ; and disintegrated and metaphorically covered in blackness through sinful acts .

humans being possess Al-Ghazali

171
Some medieval Christian scholasticism such as Bonaventure made a distinction between conscience as a rational Power (sociology) of the mind  and inner awareness , an intuitive spark to do good , called synderesis arising from a remnant appreciation of absolute good and when consciously denied  , becoming a source of inner torment .

scholasticism made Bonaventure

172
As the sacred texts of ancient Hindu and Buddhist philosophy became available in German translations in the 18th and 19th centuries , they influenced philosophers such as Schopenhauer to hold that in a healthy mind only deeds oppress our conscience , not wishes and thoughts ; for it is only our deeds that hold us up to the mirror of our will ; the good conscience , thought Schopenhauer , we experience after every disinterested deed arises from direct recognition of our own inner being in the phenomenon of another , it affords us the verification that our true self exists not only in our own person , this particular manifestation , but in everything that lives .

texts being became Schopenhauer

173
English language humanist lawyers in the 16th and 17th centuries interpreted conscience as a collection of universal principles given to man by god at creation to be applied by reason ; this gradually reforming the medieval Roman law-based system with forms of action , written pleadings , use of juries and patterns of litigation such as Demurrer and Assumpsit that displayed an increased concern for elements of right and wrong on the actual facts .

lawyers interpreted Demurrer

lawyers interpreted Assumpsit

174
Thinking predicated on the development of world conscience is common to members of the Global Ecovillage Network such as the Findhorn Foundation , international conservation organisations like Fauna and Flora International , as well as performers of world music such as Alan Stivell .

null is Foundation

null is Stivell

175
The Committee on Conscience of the US Holocaust Memorial Museum has targeted genocides such as those in Rwanda , Bosnia , Darfur , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Chechnya as challenges to the world 's conscience .

Committee targeted those

176
These are intertwined with the generally recognized symbols of many world religions , including the Cross , the star and crescent , the Star of David , and the original swastika design , an ancient symbol having arms bent at right angles , used for thousands of years as a representative symbol of world religions such as Hinduism , Buddhism , and Jainism .

null Hinduism

null Buddhism

null Jainism

177
The festival is mentioned in Sanskrit scriptures such as the Padma Purana , the Skanda Purana both completed in second half of 1st millennium AD but believed to have been expanded from a core text from an earlier era .

null Purana

178
Hindu in India 's eastern region , such as Odisha and West Bengal , worship the goddess Kali instead of Lakshmi , and call the festival Kali Puja .

festival Puja Odisha

festival Puja Bengal

179
Over the past decade national and civic leaders such as Prince Charles have attended Diwali celebrations at some of the UK 's prominent Hindu temple , such as the Neasden Temple , using the occasion to commend the Hindu community 's contributions to British life .

leaders attended Charles

leaders attended Temple

180
Although their musical career was short , Yazoo (band) 's combination of electronic instrumentation and soulful female vocals has been cited as an influence on the house music scene that emerged in the mid-1980s , as well as bands such as LCD Soundsystem  , Hercules and Love Affair  , La Roux , Shiny Toy Guns and Blaqk Audio .

career was short Affair

181
During his time in America , Takeo Arishima became critical towards Christianity , attracted to socialism , and influenced by the works of writers such as Walt Whitman , Henrik Ibsen , and Peter Kropotkin .

Arishima became Whitman

Arishima became Ibsen

Arishima became Kropotkin

182
Motojir? Kajii left behind masterpieces such as Lemon (short story) , Winter Days and Under the Cherry Trees .

Kajii left Lemon

183
The Arithmetical hierarchy is important in recursion theory , effective descriptive set theory , and the study of formal theories such as Peano arithmetic .

hierarchy is important arithmetic

184
Many MP3 player can encoder directly to MP3 or other digital audio format directly from a line in audio signal  Devices such as CD player can be connected to the MP3 player  in order to directly play music from the memory of the player without the use of a computer .

player encoder player

185
Ry?nosuke Akutagawa entered the First High School in 1910 , developing relationships with classmates such as Kan Kikuchi , Kume Masao , Yamamoto Y?z? , and Tsuchiya Bunmei , all of whom would later become authors .

Akutagawa entered Kikuchi

Akutagawa entered Masao

Akutagawa entered Y?z?

Akutagawa entered Bunmei

186
Kenji Miyazawa also taught his fellow farmers more general topic of cultural value , such as music , poetry , and whatever else Kenji Miyazawa thought might improve their lives .

Miyazawa taught music

Miyazawa taught thought

187
Kenji Miyazawa was an avid reader of modern Japanese people poets such as Hakush? Kitahara and Sakutar? Hagiwara , and their influence can be traced on his poetry , but his life among farmers has been said to have influenced his poetry more than these literary interests .

Miyazawa was reader Kitahara

Miyazawa was reader Hagiwara

188
The Kokuch?kai 's official website continues to claim him as a member , also claiming that the influence of Nichirenism  can be seen in Kenji Miyazawa 's later works such as Ame ni mo Makezu , while acknowledging that others have expressed the view that Kenji Miyazawa became estranged from the group after returning to Hanamaki, Iwate .

website continues ni

189
A fielding  error  that does not allow a batter to reach Base (baseball) , such as a misplayed foul ball , does not spoil a Perfect game .

error allow a

190
Assam has petroleum , natural gas , coal , limestone and other minor minerals such as Quartzite , kaolin , sillimanites , clay and feldspar . Indian rupee

191
Many of the towns and cities in Assam and Nagaland derived their names from Dimasa words such as Diphu . Indian rupee

192
Assam 's proximity to South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation countries such as Bangladesh , Nepal and Bhutan , benefits its trade . Indian rupee

193
The language was standardised by the American Baptist Missionary such as Nathan Brown (missionary) , Miles Bronson and the Noctes and local pundits such as Hemchandra Barua with the form available in the Sibsagar  District  . Indian rupee

194
It is interesting that many source-cultures of Assamese language cultural-system are still surviving either as sub-systems or as sister entities , e.g. the tribal minorities such as ; Bodo people or Karbi people or Mising people . Indian rupee

195
Besides Bihu dance and Huchory performed during the Bohag Bihu , dance forms of tribal minorities such as ; Kushan nritra of Rajbongshi 's , Bagurumba and Bordoicikhla dance of Bodos , Mising people Bihu , Banjar Kekan performed during Chomangkan by Karbi people , Jhumur of Tea tribes are some of the major folk dances . Indian rupee

196
The tradition of modern moving theatres is typical of Assam with immense popularity of many large theatre groups such as Kohinoor Theatre , Srimanta Sankardev , Abahan , Bhagyadevi , Hengul , Rajmahal , Itihas etc. . Indian rupee

197
Most literary works are written in Assamese language although other local language such as Boro and Dimasa are also represented . Indian rupee

198
Doxology occur in the Eucharistic prayer , the Liturgy of the Hours , hymns and various Catholic devotions such as novenas and the Rosary .

Doxology occur novenas

Doxology occur Rosary

199
It was reopened on 16 April 1992 by Prince Edward, Duke of Kent as the Great Hall giving enhanced opportunities to display large artifacts such as railway signals , a Foot Over Bridge from Percy Main Metro station and a segment from the Channel Tunnel .

null signals

200
Alt.sex.stories is notable for assisting in the launch of several notable authors of erotica such as Elf Sternberg and Mary Anne Mohanraj .

Alt.sex.stories is notable Sternberg

Alt.sex.stories is notable Mohanraj

201
Hiroo Yamagata translated some important works in computer technology such as The Cathedral and the Bazaar by Eric S. Raymond , Code and Other Laws of Cyberspace by Lawrence Lessig into Japanese language .

Yamagata translated Cathedral

Yamagata translated Bazaar

202
It has regularly been considered the best statistical organization in the world by The Economist , such as in the 1991 and 1993 Good Statistics Statistical survey .

203
Debate over the census and their contents had periodically created changes in the Statistics Act such as a Census in Canada making the privacy restrictions of the census information expire after more than a century .

Debate created Census

204
According to the Globe and Mail , by 2015 an increasing number of economists joined organizations such as the Canada Chamber of Commerce , Canadian Federation of Independent Business , Canadian Economics Association , Martin Prosperity Institute , Toronto Region Board of Trade , Restaurants Canada and the Canada Association of Business Economics to call for a reinstatement of the mandatory long form .

number joined Chamber

205
Mojibake in English texts generally occurs in punctuation , such as em dashes  , en dashes  , and curly quotes  , but rarely in character text , since most encodings agree with ASCII on the encoding of the English alphabet .

Mojibake occurs dashes

206
Prior to the creation of ISO 8859-2 in 1987 , users of various computing platforms used their own Polish code pages such as AmigaPL on Amiga , Atari Club on Atari ST and Masovia , IBM CP852 , Mazovia encoding and Windows-1250 on IBM PCs .

users used AmigaPL

users used Club

users used Masovia

207
Alongside Unicode encodings like UTF-8 and UTF-16 , there are other standard encodings , such as Shift-JIS  and EUC-JP  .

encodings are Shift-JIS

encodings are EUC-JP

208
Chiaki J. Konaka began using the J at the age of 12 , when Chiaki J. Konaka began making 8mm film ; Chiaki J. Konaka patterned the style after Western names such as Charles M. Schulz .

Konaka began Schulz

209
There are some overarching Yoga in Jyoti?a such as Am?vasy? Do?a , K?la Sarpa Yoga-K?la Am?ta Yoga and Graha M?lika Yoga that can take precedence oveYamaha yogar planetary placements in the horoscope .

Yoga are Do?a

Yoga are Yoga

Yoga are Yoga

210
Astrologers regularly fail in attempts to predict election results in India , and fail to predict major events such as the assassination of Indira Gandhi .

Astrologers fail assassination

211
While his bandmates and friends were using Cannabis (drug) , LSD , and other psychedelics , McKernan preferred alcoholic beverages such as Thunderbird (wine) and Southern Comfort .

bandmates using wine

bandmates using Comfort

212
John Sergeant (journalist) has appeared on television programmes such as Have I Got News for You .

Sergeant appeared Have

213
Go Seigen held study sessions with other professional players such as O Rissei , Michael Redmond (Go player) , Rui Naiwei , and others .

null Rissei

null Naiwei

null others

214
Rafael Bracero has interviewed many sports stars , and Rafael Bracero has travelled often to do specials and documentaries for boxing fights , such as the one Rafael Bracero did before the fight between Hector Camacho and Edwin Rosario , and before Edwin Rosario 's bout with Julio César Chávez .

Bracero interviewed one

215
As a system , dispensationalism is expounded in the writings of John Nelson Darby  and the Plymouth Brethren movement , and propagated through works such as Cyrus Scofield 's Scofield Reference Bible .

null Bible

216
Calvin Johnson (musician) has also revived his Dub Narcotic Disco Plate 45 rpm series , collaborating with artists such as Atlas Sound , Mahjongg (band) , and Joey Casio at Dub Narcotic to record an A-side , and creating a Selector Dub Narcotic version for the b-side .

Johnson revived Sound

Johnson revived band

Johnson revived Casio

217
Friends of Kurt Cobain such as Ian MacKaye Dickson of Earth (American band) , Mark Arm of Mudhoney , Bruce Pavitt and Slim Moon have all acknowledged Calvin Johnson (musician) 's significant influence on the late musician .

Friends have Dickson

218
However , Rachel Bromwich notes that such an identification has little to back it ; other writers , such as Thomas Stephens (historian) and William Forbes Skene , identify Flamdwyn instead with Ida of Bernicia 's son Theodric of Bernicia , noting the passages in the genealogies discussing Theodric of Bernicia 's battles with Owain mab Urien and his sons .

Bromwich notes Stephens

Bromwich notes Skene

219
Although a Greek language minority was recognized by the Enver Hoxha regime , this recognition only applied to an official minority zone consisting of 99 villages , leaving out important areas of Greek language settlement , such as Himara .

recognition applied Himara

220
However , there were specific parts of Epirus that enjoyed local autonomy , such as Himarë , Droviani , or Moscopole .

parts were Himarë

parts were Droviani

parts were Moscopole

221
The Paris Peace Conference, 1919 awarded the area to Greece after World War I , however , political developments such as the Greek language defeat in the Greco-Turkish War (1919–22) and , crucially , Italian , Austrian and German lobbying in favor of Albania resulted in the area being ceded to Albania in November 1921 .

Conference awarded defeat

222
Albanian resettlement policy included Muslim Albanian villagers who as Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus employees were resettled in newly created villages that served as a buffer zone between the recognized Greek language minority zone and traditionally Orthodox Albanian speaking regions of unclear ethnic consciousness , as well as the permanent settlement of Albanian populations inside the minority zone and in other traditionally Greek language speaking regions , such as in Himara .

policy included Himara

223
There have been many minor incidents between the Greek language population and Albanian authorities over issues such as the alleged involvement of the Greek language government in local politics , the raising of the Flag of Greece on Albanian territory , and the language taught in Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus schools of the region ; however , these issues have , for the most part , been non-violent .

language been taught involvement

224
In contemporary Japan , popular authors such as Ry? Murakami , Haruki Murakami , and Banana Yoshimoto are highly regarded .

null Murakami

null Murakami

null Yoshimoto

225
During the Empire of Japan of 1895 to 1945 , the phrase Japanese people was used to refer not only to residents of the Japanese archipelago , but also to people from colonies who held Japanese language citizenship , such as Taiwanese people and Koreans .

colonies held people

colonies held Koreans

226
Even though such claims have long been rejected by other sectors of Japanese language society such as former Japanese language Prime Minister Tar? As? , who has once described Japan as being a nation of one race , one civilization , one language and one culture .

sectors being described As?

227
There is also a small group of Japanese language descendants living in Caribbean countries such as Cuba and the Dominican Republic , where hundreds of these immigrants were brought in by Rafael L. Trujillo in the 1930s .

group is Cuba

group is Republic

228
Johann Friedrich Struensee was ideologically influenced by Enlightenment thinkers such as Voltaire and Jean Jacques Rousseau .

null Voltaire

null Rousseau

229
George Stephenson 's lack of understanding of the work of his subordinates on major issues - including the levels of the track and the cost of major structures such as the Irwell Viaduct - was ruthlessly exposed by the opposing counsel Edward Hall Alderson and the bill was thrown out .

null Viaduct

230
The custom of carrying the flanged end upward did not die out at once : a few Mace (club) , such as the Winchcombe silver Mace (club) , which date from the end of the 15th century , were made to be carried both ways .

custom die silver

231
A number of valued City of London institutions are located in the area , such as St Bartholomew's Hospital , the London Charterhouse , and Livery company notably those of Worshipful Company of Butchers and Worshipful Company of Haberdashers , but Smithfield, London is best known for its ancient meat Market square , dating from the 10th century , which is now London 's only remaining wholesale Market square  in continuous operation since Middle Ages .

institutions is located Hospital

institutions is located Charterhouse

institutions is located company

232
Smithfield, London has borne witness to many List of people executed in Smithfield, London of Heresy and politician over the centuries , including major historical figures such as Scottish patriot Sir William Wallace and Wat Tyler , leader of the Peasants' Revolt , among many other English Reformation and dissenters .

London borne Wallace

London borne Tyler

233
Catholic as well as other Protestant denominations such as Anabaptist .

null Anabaptist

234
His attack against the Imperial Japanese Navy light cruiser Japanese cruiser Agano is available as a mission on the game 's single mission menu , along with other famous submarine attacks such as Captain Red Ramage 's July 30 , 1944 night surface attack on a Japanese convoy in USS Parche (SS-384) , which brought him a Medal of Honor .

attack is available attack

235
The common German language identity of lands such as Carinthia (state) , Styria , or State of Tyrol , and the ruling dynasty made it easier for these lands to accept the central government set up in Vienna in the mid-18th century .

identity made Carinthia

identity made Styria

identity made State

identity made dynasty

236
As with neighbouring Germany , there has also been heavy immigration from Turks in Austria and former Yugoslavia states such as Croatia and Serbia .

null been Croatia

null been Serbia

237
The music in the tradition of Viennese classicism is sacral music to a significant extent , including works such as Mozart 's Great Mass in C minor , List of masses by Joseph II, Holy Roman Emperor Haydn  , Beethoven 's Mass in C major (Beethoven)  , down to Bruckner 's Te Deum  .

music is music Mass

238
Her last role was in the stage musical Hot Spot (musical) , co-starring newcomers such as Joseph Campanella and Mary Louise Wilson , which closed after 43 performances on May 25 , 1963 .

role was stage Campanella

role was stage Wilson

239
Well integrated with the Stanley, Hong Kong Main Street waterfront and historic Murray House , Stanley, Hong Kong Plaza provides convenient access to nearby tourist spots such as Tin Hau Temple and Stanley, Hong Kong Ma Hang Park .

Temple integrated Tin

240
Also Typeface formats such as OpenType allow for the mapping of alternate glyphs according to language so that a text rendering system can look to the user 's environmental settings to determine which glyph to use .

formats allow OpenType

241
On the northwestern edge of Lüneburg Heath are the Harburg Hills and south of Schneverdingen there are bogs , such as the Pietzmoor  .

Heath are Hills Pietzmoor

242
Transportation overland would have been far too expensive  , as can be seen not only from some of the delivery notes which still survive , but also from the fact that there are still large woods around Landkreis Lüneburg itself , such as the Göhrde .

overland been expensive Göhrde

243
His works were a source for Heimatfilm that were produced on Lüneburg Heath , such as Grün ist die Heide  from The Heath Is Green (1932 film) and remade in The Heath Is Green (1951 film) and The Heath Is Green (1972 film) , as well as Rot ist die Liebe  from 1956 .

works Is source ist

works Is source ist

244
The Peniculid are an order of ciliate protozoa , including the well-known Paramecium and related genera , such as Frontonia , Stokesia (ciliate) , Urocentrum and Lembadion .

Peniculid are order Frontonia

245
The tourist island of Sentosa , which attracts 19 million visitors in 2011 , is located in the south of Singapore , consists of about 20 -- 30 landmarks , such as Fort Siloso , which was built as a fortress to defend against the Japanese during World War II .

island is attracts Siloso

246
Routing functions such as Open Shortest Path First or Border Gateway Protocol run at the process level .

functions run First

functions run Protocol

247
The Toga is also used by peoples that can claim descent from Romanization (cultural) Punic , such as the Arabized Berbers of Tripolitania in Libya , a prominent example being its use by Muammar Gaddafi .

peoples claim Berbers

248
Woodstock 99 was conceived and executed as a commercial venture with dozens of corporate sponsors , and included the presence of vendor malls and modern accoutrements such as Automated teller machine and e-mail stations .

null machine

null stations

249
The Amphibrach is also often used in ballads and light verse , such as the hypermetrical lines of Sir John Betjeman 's Meditation on the A30 .

null lines

250
Some books by Dr. Seuss contain many lines written in amphibrachs , such as these from If I Ran the Circus : Much of Leonard Cohen 's song Famous Blue Raincoat is written in amphibrachs - e.g. the first verse  : poetry .

books contain these

251
In his book Pop Memories 1890-1954 , music archivist and statistician Joel Whitburn assessed a variety of sources such as Talking Machine World 's lists of top-selling recordings , and Billboard (magazine) 's sheet music and vaudeville charts , to estimate the most successful recordings of the period .

252
A number of states are two-tiered , but require work experience for the Certified Public Accountant certificate , such as Ohio .

states are two-tiered Ohio

253
After beating Italy and Germany , Brazil won the football silver medal , a deed repeated in 1988 , when Inter players such as goalkeeper Taffarel , full-back Luis Cubilla Carlos Wink and center-back Aloisio defended the Brazilian colors .

Brazil won goalkeeper

Brazil won full-back

Brazil won center-back

254
Olimpia Asunción , who were winners of the 1979 Copa Libertadores , were blossoming in their second golden era with players such as Ever Hugo Almeida , Gabriel González (Paraguayan footballer) , Adriano Samaniego , and star Raul Vicente Amarilla , all coached by legend Luis Cubilla .

Asunción were winners Almeida

255
Compressed air car are powered by motors driven by compressed air , which is stored in a Diving cylinder at high pressure such as 30 M Pascal (unit)  .

null Pascal

256
A Cruzeiro Esporte Clube also obtained many international laurels such as two Copa Libertadores , two Supercopa Libertadores , one Recopa Sudamericana , one Copa de Oro and one Copa Master de Supercopa .

Clube obtained Libertadores

Clube obtained Libertadores

Clube obtained Sudamericana

Clube obtained Oro

Clube obtained Copa

257
It has contributed many key and famous players towards Brazil national football team 's FIFA World Cup squads such as Wilson da Silva Piazza , Tostão , Nelinho , Ronaldo , Luisão , Maicon Sisenando , Cris (footballer) , Jairzinho , Edílson among so many others .

It contributed Piazza

258
The town of Dildo, Newfoundland and Labrador was founded in the late 18th century and settled to exploit the abundance of marine resources such as fish  , whales and Pinniped .

null fish

null whales

null Pinniped

259
Esporte Clube Bahia has won the Brasileirão title twice : in the 1959 Taça Brasil , defeating Santos FC Santásticos which contained figures such as Gylmar dos Santos Neves , Mauro Ramos , Mengálvio Pedro Figueiró , Antônio Wilson Vieira Honório , José Macia and Pelé , in the finals and in the 1988 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A Esporte Clube Bahia edged Sport Club Internacional .

Bahia won Gylmar

260
Quite commonly the funicle beyond the pedicel is quite complex in Endopterygota such as beetles , moths and Hymenoptera , and one common adaptation is the ability to fold the Antenna (biology) in the middle , at the joint between the pedicel and the flagellum .

funicle is complex beetles

funicle is complex moths

funicle is complex Hymenoptera

261
George Grosz 's art influenced other New Objectivity artists such as Heinrich Maria Davringhausen , Anton Räderscheidt , and Georg Scholz .

art influenced Davringhausen

art influenced Räderscheidt

art influenced Scholz

262
Max Beckmann greatly admired not only Paul Cézanne and Van Gogh , but also William Blake , Rembrandt , and Peter Paul Rubens , as well as Northern European artists of the late Middle Ages and early Renaissance , such as Hieronymus Bosch , Pieter Bruegel the Elder , and Matthias Grünewald .

Beckmann admired Bosch

263
The biography reveals Max Beckmann 's contemplations of writers and philosophers such as Fyodor Dostoyevsky , Arthur Schopenhauer , Friedrich Nietzsche , and Richard Wagner .

biography reveals Dostoyevsky

biography reveals Schopenhauer

biography reveals Nietzsche

biography reveals Wagner

264
Many Russian Neo-Fascist and Neo-Nazi groups such as the Russian National Unity call for an increased role for the Russian Orthodox Church .

Neo-Fascist call Unity

265
Gustave Caillebotte is best known for his paintings of urban Paris , such as The Europe Bridge   , and Paris Street; Rainy Day   .

null Bridge

266
The prestigious award was made for the magazine 's publication of stunning photos from the war in Southeast Asia , such as Henri Huet 's riveting series of a wounded medic that were published in January 1966 .

null series

267
Thomas Edison 's number one ranking was challenged since critics believed other inventions , such as the Internal combustion engine , the automobile , and electricity-making machines , for example , had greater effects on society than Thomas Edison 's .

critics believed engine

268
For Life subscribers , remaining subscriptions were honored with other Time (magazine) Inc. magazines , such as Time (magazine) .

null Time

269
While citing poor advertising sales and a rough climate for selling magazine subscriptions , Time (magazine) Inc. executives said a key reason for closing the title in 2000 was to divert resources to the company 's other magazine launches that year , such as Real Simple .

magazine was Simple

270
In 2001 Time Warner began publishing special newsstand megazine issues of Life , on topics such as the September 11 attacks in 2001 and the Holy Land .

Warner began attacks

271
The slats increased the lift of the wing considerably when deployed , greatly improving the horizontal maneuverability of the aircraft , as several Luftwaffe veterans , such as Erwin Rommel Leykauf , attest .

slats increased Leykauf

272
All Willy Messerschmitt aircraft that originated after that date , such as the Messerschmitt Me 210 , were to carry the Me designation .

aircraft originated Messerschmitt

273
Slade dominated the UK charts during the early 1970s , out-performing chart rivals , such as Wizzard , Sweet (band) , T. Rex (band) , Suzi Quatro , Mud (band) , Smokie (band) , Gary Glitter , Roxy Music and David Bowie .

274
Throughout the remainder of 1975 and 1976 , Slade toured the US , often with other bands such as Aerosmith , ZZ Top and Black Sabbath , only returning to the UK for TV performances of new singles .

Slade toured Aerosmith

Slade toured Top

Slade toured Sabbath

275
In 1999 , BBC One broadcast a newly made documentary on the band , titled It 's Slade , which featured new interviews with all four members of the band , along with various other musical artists and celebrities such as Ozzy Osbourne , Noel Gallagher , Status Quo , Toyah Wilcox and Suzi Quatro .

broadcast 's Slade Osbourne

broadcast 's Slade Gallagher

broadcast 's Slade Quo

broadcast 's Slade Wilcox

broadcast 's Slade Quatro

276
Many Slade songs were written specifically for audience participation , such as Get Down and Get With It , Mama Weer All Crazee Now , Cum on Feel the Noize , Give Us a Goal , We 'll Bring The House Down , Rock and Roll Preacher and My Oh My (Slade song) .

277
In the days before Slade , Noddy Holder , Jim Lea (musician) , Dave Hill and Don Powell were influenced by American blues artists such as Sonny Boy Williamson II , John Lee Hooker and Howlin' Wolf but then became interested in the work of Little Richard .

null II

null Hooker

null Wolf

278
Over the following half decade , Mutual Broadcasting System 's war coverage held its own with that of the wealthier networks , featuring field correspondents such as Henry Morgan (comedian) Shapiro and Piet Van T Veer and commentators such as Cecil Brown (journalist) , formerly of CBS .

coverage held Shapiro

coverage held Veer

coverage held Brown

279
Generally , the Midland Railway prevailed , with the adoption of many Midland Railway practices such as the livery of Carmine for passenger locomotives and rolling stock .

Railway prevailed livery

280
These ranged in size from major ports at Barrow-in-Furness and Grangemouth through ferry harbours such as Holyhead , Heysham , Stranraer and Fleetwood to much smaller facilities including piers on the River Thames and River Clyde .

These ranged Holyhead

These ranged Heysham

These ranged Stranraer

These ranged Fleetwood

281
Sefer Yetzirah describes how the universe was created by the God of Israel  through 32 wondrous ways of wisdom : These divisions correspond to Jewish concepts such as the 3 letters making up God 's name  , the 7 days of the Jewish week , the 12 tribes of Israel , and the 12 months of the Hebrew calendar , as well as to early scientific or philosophical ideas such as the 4 Classical element  , the 7 Classical planet , 10 directions , the 12 zodiacal constellations , various human physical functions , and a list of the parts of the human body .

Yetzirah describes letters

Yetzirah describes element

Yetzirah describes planet

Yetzirah describes directions

Yetzirah describes constellations

Yetzirah describes functions

Yetzirah describes list

282
Apart from Biology as an academic discipline that interprets the Smile , those who study kinesics and psychology such as Freitas-Magalhaes view as an affect display that can communicate feelings such as love , happiness , pride , contempt , and embarrassment .

discipline interprets view

discipline interprets love

283
Pyrotechnics include not only the manufacture of fireworks but items such as safety matches , oxygen candles , Pyrotechnic fastener , components of the automotive airbag and gas pressure blasting in mining , quarrying and demolition .

Pyrotechnics include matches

Pyrotechnics include candles

Pyrotechnics include fastener

Pyrotechnics include components

Pyrotechnics include pressure

284
They finished off the 80s touring in support of ...Twice Shy as headliners and with some best known bands , such as Bon Jovi .

They finished Jovi

285
In the latter case , an Antenna (radio) may also include additional Driven element or surfaces with no electrical connection to the transmitter or receiver , such as passive radiator , Parabolic antenna or Horn antenna , which serve to direct the radio waves into a beam or other desired radiation pattern .

Antenna include radiator

Antenna include antenna

Antenna include antenna

286
A Directional antenna Antenna (radio) usually is intended to maximize its coupling to the electromagnetic field in the direction of the other station , or sometimes to cover a particular sector such as a 120 ° horizontal fan pattern in the case of a panel Antenna (radio) at a cell site .

null pattern

287
Antenna Antenna array (electromagnetic) may employ any basic  Antenna (radio) type , such as dipole , loop or slot Antenna (radio) .

array employ Antenna

288
The Antenna (radio) feed may refer to all components connecting the Antenna (radio) to the transmitter or receiver , such as an Electrical impedance matching network in addition to the Transmission (telecommunications) line .

feed refer impedance

289
In a so-called aperture Antenna (radio) , such as a horn or Parabolic antenna , the feed may also refer to a basic Antenna (radio) inside the entire system  which could be considered the one active Driven element in that Antenna (radio) system .

feed refer horn

feed refer antenna

290
It is a fundamental property of Antenna (radio) that the electrical characteristics of an Antenna (radio) described in the next section , such as Antenna gain , radiation pattern , Electrical impedance , Bandwidth (signal processing) , resonant frequency and Polarization (waves) , are the same whether the Antenna (radio) is Transmitter or Radio receiver .

It is property gain

291
Most materials used in Antenna (radio) meet these conditions , but some microwave Antenna (radio) use high-tech components such as isolator  s and circulators , made of nonreciprocal materials such as Ferrite (iron) .

materials meet s

materials meet circulators

materials meet Ferrite

292
While there are broadband traveling wave Antenna (radio) such as the Beverage antenna which do not work by resonance , the vast majority of Antenna (radio) are based on the monopole Antenna (radio) or dipole Antenna (radio) which function as resonators .

broadband are antenna

293
An example of a high-gain Antenna (radio) is a Parabolic antenna such as a satellite television Antenna (radio) .

example is antenna Antenna

294
Many nondirectional Antenna (radio) , such as monopole Antenna (radio) and dipole Antenna (radio) , emit equal power in all horizontal directions , with the power dropping off at higher and lower angles ; this is called an Omnidirectional antenna and when plotted looks like a torus or donut .

Antenna emit Antenna

Antenna emit Antenna

295
Fortunately the Copper loss of Antenna (radio) conductors such as aluminum rods can be calculated and the efficiency of an Antenna (radio) using such materials predicted .

efficiency using rods

296
Antennas with horizontal Driven element , such as most rooftop TV Antenna (radio) in the United States , are horizontally polarized  .

null TV

297
Even when the Antenna (radio) system has a vertical orientation , such as an Antenna array (electromagnetic) of horizontal dipole Antenna (radio) , the polarization is in the horizontal direction corresponding to the current flow .

system is has array

298
Monopole antenna consist of a single radiating Driven element such as a metal rod , often mounted over a conducting surface , a Ground (electricity) plane .

antenna consist rod

299
This was largely thanks to the Santos FC 's Golden Generation of the 1960s which contained players such as Gylmar dos Santos Neves , Mauro Ramos , Mengálvio Pedro Figueiró , Antônio Wilson Vieira Honório , José Macia and Pelé , named the Athlete of the Century by the International Olympic Committee , and widely regarded among football historians , former players and fans to be the best and most accomplished footballer in the game 's history .

This be 1960s Gylmar

300
Being a Port of Santos , water sports such as Rowing (sport) were generally the most practiced activity by the city 's youth , but the city had teams strong enough to compete in the Campeonatos Campeonato Paulista or 2014 Campeonato Paulista , with Clube Atlético Sport Club Internacional and Sport Club Americano being the two strongest representatives .

sports were activity Rowing

301
Santos FC soundly defeated many of the regions ' top clubs such as Paysandu Sport Club , Fortaleza Esporte Clube , ABC Futebol Clube , Santa Cruz Futebol Clube , etc. .

FC defeated Club

302
Due to its relative-low capacity , Santos FC has used other stadiums for high-profile matches such as the Estádio Palestra Itália , Estádio do Pacaembu and Estádio do Morumbi , all located in São Paulo Futebol Clube , and the Maracanã (stadium) in Rio de Janeiro .

FC used Itália

303
Katrin Cartlidge first appeared on screen as Lucy Collins in the Liverpool soap opera Brookside from 1982 to 1988 and later became well known for her film work with directors such as Mike Leigh and Lars von Trier .

Cartlidge appeared Leigh

Cartlidge appeared Trier

304
Smile (The Beach Boys album) was bookended by two setlists performed by Brian Wilson of regular Beach Boys hits such as Sloop John B and God Only Knows along with obscurities You're Welcome (song) and Time to Get Alone .

Smile hits John

305
Cyrus I. Scofield 's notes on the Book of Revelation are a major source for the various timetables , judgments , and plagues elaborated on by popular religious writers such as Hal Lindsey , Edgar C. Whisenant , and Tim LaHaye ; and in part because of the success of the Scofield Reference Bible , twentieth-century American Christian fundamentalism placed greater stress on eschatology speculation .

notes are source Lindsey

notes are source Whisenant

notes are source LaHaye

306
The mixture of Anapaest and Iamb (foot) in this manner is most characteristic of late-19th-century verse , particularly that of Algernon Charles Swinburne in poems such as The Triumph of Time and the choruses from .

mixture is characteristic Triumph

307
In quantum mechanics their importance lies in the Dirac–von Neumann axioms of quantum mechanics , in which physical observables such as position , momentum , angular momentum and spin  are represented by Self-adjoint operator on a Hilbert space .

importance lies momentum

importance lies momentum

importance lies spin

308
codice is used to install , remove , and provide information about deb  Package (package management system) s. codice itself is a low level tool ; higher level tools , such as Advanced Packaging Tool , are used to fetch Package (package management system) from remote locations or deal with complex Package (package management system) relations .

codice is remove Tool

309
In 2002 , Carson Daly joined NBC , where Carson Daly began hosting and producing the late night talk show Last Call with Carson Daly , and occasionally hosting special event programming for NBC , such as the Macy's Fourth of July fireworks show and executive producing New Year's Eve with Carson Daly from Times Square beginning in 2003 .

Daly joined Macy

310
Archaeologically , concrete indications of Chandragupta Maurya rule , such as the inscriptions of the Edicts of Ashoka , are known as far as Kandhahar in southern Afghanistan .

null inscriptions

311
Classical sources have also recorded that following their treaty , Chandragupta Maurya and Seleucus I Nicator exchanged presents , such as when Chandragupta Maurya sent various aphrodisiacs to Seleucus I Nicator : Southern conquest .

sources recorded conquest

312
Dorothy Dandridge performed as a vocalist in venues such as the Cotton Club (New York City) and the Apollo Theater .

Dandridge performed Club

Dandridge performed Theater

313
As well known as Dorothy Dandridge became from renditions of songs such as Blow Out the Candle , You Do Something To Me , and Talk Sweet Talk To Me , Dorothy Dandridge recorded very little on vinyl .

Dandridge became Blow

314
The idea , modeled after the federal Civilian Conservation Corps program  , was to take the burden of labor-intensive jobs such as entrance fee collecting or trail work from the National Park Service and shift to the SCC .

idea was fee

315
Botn / botten is cognate with the English language word bottom , and it might be part of a general north European distinction of lowlands , as opposed to highlands , such as the Netherlands region , Samogitia  , and Sambia  .

botten be cognate region

botten be cognate Samogitia

botten be cognate Sambia

316
In addition to his writings , Hakush? Kitahara also edited the poetry magazine Chijo junrei  , which enabled later authors , such as Hagiwara Sakutaro to get their start into the literary world .

Kitahara edited Sakutaro

317
Past studies determined that retailers who did not offer Shopping cart such as Sears suffered slower sales in comparison with retailers who did use Shopping cart .

318
John Hopkins Harney 's appearances in New York , such as at the Weber and Fields Music Hall , the Metropolitan Opera House , and Tony Pastor 's Music Hall , promoting ragtime music , did much to create widespread popular and commercial enthusiasm for ragtime as a new genre of United States music .

appearances did Weber

appearances did Hall

319
Jonatha Brooke was sometimes grouped with emerging 1990s talents such as the Indigo Girls , Sheryl Crow , Shawn Colvin , and Mary Chapin Carpenter .

null Girls

null Crow

null Colvin

null Carpenter

320
Jonatha Brooke was featured as a guest vocalist with artists such as Lisa Loeb , Chris Botti and Patty Larkin , and has co-written tracks for Joe Sample 's The Pecan Tree .

null Loeb

null Botti

null Larkin

321
Logician Harvey Friedman has done work related to very large numbers , such as with Kruskal's tree theorem and the Robertson–Seymour theorem .

Friedman done theorem

322
Several components are directly derived from the TGV , such as the third-generation TGV 's traction system  , the trucks/bogies structure  , the brake discs  , and crash energy management techniques to control structural deformation in the event of an accident .

null system

323
These Han Chinese had lived in Kedun during the Liao dynasty , and in 1124 migrated with the Khitan people under Yelü Dashi along with other people of Kedun , such as Bohai , Jin dynasty (1115–1234) , Mongol tribes , Khitan people , in addition to the Xiao consort clan .

324
The association of Khitai with China meant that the most enduring trace of the Khitan people 's power are names derived from it , such as Cathay , which is the medieval Latin appellation for China .

association is meant Cathay

325
However , the use of the name Khitai to mean China or Chinese by Turkic languages speakers within China , such as the Uyghur language , is considered pejorative by the Chinese authority who had tried to ban it .

authority tried language

326
Phosphorus in the form of phosphates occur in Chemical compound important to life , such as DNA and Adenosine triphosphate .

Phosphorus occur triphosphate

327
The recording has been featured in many Hollywood WWII-themed movies and television series featuring the Pacific War such as Emperor (film) .

null Emperor

328
Another classic etymology derives the name Haemos from the myth about the fight of Zeus and the dragon Typhon : In antiquity , the mountain range and the area around it was populated by free Thracian language peoples such as the Bessi , Dii , and Satrae .

etymology derives Bessi

etymology derives Dii

etymology derives Satrae

329
There were also internationally renowned filmmakers in the Greek diaspora such as the Greek-American Elia Kazan .

filmmakers were Kazan

330
The so-called minor arts were very important in Byzantine art and luxury items , including ivories carved in relief as formal presentation Consular diptychs or caskets such as the Veroli casket , hardstone carvings , enamels , jewelry , metalwork , and Byzantine silk were produced in large quantities throughout the Byzantine era .

arts were important casket

arts were important carvings

arts were important enamels

arts were important jewelry

arts were important metalwork

arts were important silk

331
Early Greek language lyric poetry , as represented by poets such as Sappho and Pindar , was responsible for defining the lyric genre as it is understood today in western literature .

poetry was responsible Sappho

poetry was responsible Pindar

332
Nikos Kazantzakis is also considered a dominant figure , with works such as The Last Temptation of Christ and The Greek Passion receiving international recognition .

null Temptation

333
Tralles in particular produced several treatises on the Natural Sciences , as well as his other forays into mathematics such as Conic Sections .

Tralles produced Sections

334
Classical Athens may be suggested to have heralded some of the same religious ideas that would later be promoted by Christianity , such as Aristotle 's invocation of a perfect God , and Heraclitus ' Logos .

null invocation

null Logos

335
Many Greek language athletes have also achieved significant success and have won world and olympic titles in numerous sports during the years , such as basketball , wrestling , water polo , athletics  , Olympic weightlifting , with many of them becoming international stars inside their sports .

athletes achieved basketball

336
Through its partnership with the Claremont Colleges and other consortia such as Selective Liberal Arts College Consortium  , Career and Intership Connections  , and Liberal Arts Career Network  , Pomona College provides its students with opportunities to connect with employers .

College provides Arts

College provides Arts

337
When secured by Transport Layer Security , connections between a Client (computing)  and a Server (computing)  will have one or more of the following properties : In addition to the properties above , careful configuration of Transport Layer Security can provide additional privacy-related properties such as forward secrecy , ensuring that any future disclosure of encryption keys can not be used to decrypt any Transport Layer Security communications recorded in the past .

connections have secrecy

338
AEAD block cipher modes of operation is used for Authenticated encryption such as Galois/Counter Mode and CCM mode .

null Mode

null mode

339
In applications design , Transport Layer Security is usually implemented on top of Transport Layer protocols , encrypting all of the protocol-related data of protocols such as Hypertext Transfer Protocol , File Transfer Protocol , Simple Mail Transfer Protocol , Network News Transfer Protocol and Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol .

null Protocol

340
Historically , Transport Layer Security has been used primarily with reliable transport protocols such as the Transmission Control Protocol  .

null Protocol

341
While the CRIME (security exploit) attack was presented as a general attack that could work effectively against a large number of protocols , including but not limited to Transport Layer Security , and application-layer protocols such as SPDY or HTTP , only Exploit (computer security) against Transport Layer Security and SPDY were demonstrated and largely mitigated in browsers and Server (computing) .

CRIME presented SPDY

CRIME presented HTTP

342
Dragon Quest V is cited as having monster recruiting and training mechanics that inspired monster-collecting RPGs such as Pokémon , Digimon , and Dokapon , and in turn the modern trend of collecting Achievement (video gaming) .

recruiting inspired Pokémon

recruiting inspired Digimon

recruiting inspired Dokapon

343
Pidgin (software) supports multiple operating systems , including Microsoft Windows and many Unix-like systems such as Linux , the BSD , and AmigaOS .

Pidgin supports Linux

Pidgin supports BSD

Pidgin supports AmigaOS

344
They can be used to add support for Network protocol , which is useful for those such as Skype protocol which have licensing issues .

protocol is useful Skype

345
Seth MacFarlane often borrows the names of Rhode Island locations and icons such as Pawtucket, Rhode Island and Buddy Cianci for use in the show .

MacFarlane borrows Island

MacFarlane borrows Cianci

346
Seth MacFarlane drew inspiration from several sitcoms such as The Simpsons and All in the Family .

MacFarlane drew Simpsons

MacFarlane drew All

347
Premises were drawn from several 1980s Saturday morning cartoons he watched as a child , such as The Fonz and the Happy Days Gang and Rubik, the Amazing Cube .

he watched Fonz

he watched Gang

he watched Rubik

348
Though the book primarily consists of a loose narrative monologue by Lois Griffin , it is also interspersed with sections from other characters such as Peter Griffin .

book consists Griffin

349
During the 9th century southern Central Asia was under the rule of the Samanid , while the Central Asian steppe was dominated by Turkic peoples nomads such as the Pechenegs , the Oghuz Turks , and the Karluks .

Asia was rule Pechenegs

Asia was rule Turks

Asia was rule Karluks

350
In the mid-10th century the Kara-Khanids converted to Islam and adopted Muslim names and honorifics , but retained Turkic peoples regnal titles such as Khan , Khagan , Ilek  and Tegin .

Kara-Khanids converted Khan

Kara-Khanids converted Khagan

Kara-Khanids converted Ilek

Kara-Khanids converted Tegin

351
Other vendors produce Keyboard (computing) for different computer systems with this placement of the Control key , such as the Happy Hacking Keyboard .

vendors produce Keyboard

352
For most in the U.S. , a contemporary Roadster (automobile) is a two-seater Convertible such as the Jaguar F-Type , BMW Z8 , Aston Martin V8 Vantage (2005) , and Dodge Viper .

Roadster is Convertible F-Type

353
Another type of Convertible is the off-road vehicles with removable soft tops such as Jeep Wrangler , Suzuki Escudo , Ford Bronco , Land Rover Defender , Mercedes-Benz G-Class , early models of Toyota Land Cruiser , Land Rover Defender etc. .

type is vehicles Wrangler

354
United States automakers manufactured a broad range of models during the 1950s and 1960s -- from economical compact-sized models such as the Rambler American and the Studebaker Lark , to the more expensive models such as the Packard Caribbean , Oldsmobile 98 , and Imperial (automobile) by Chrysler .

automakers manufactured American

automakers manufactured Lark

automakers manufactured Caribbean

automakers manufactured Oldsmobile

automakers manufactured automobile

355
Elsewhere globally , Convertible production continued throughout this era with models such as the Mercedes-Benz SL-Class , the Volkswagen Beetle , and the Volkswagen Golf .

production continued SL-Class

production continued Beetle

production continued Golf

356
In the 1980s Convertible such as the Chrysler LeBaron and Saab 900 revived the body style in the United States -- followed by models such as the Mazda Miata , Porsche Boxster , Audi TT , and later retractable hardtop models .

null LeBaron

null Saab

null Miata

null Boxster

null TT

null models

357
Certain modern Lutheranism communities also advocate fasting during designated times such as Lent .

communities advocate Lent

358
Amongst Hindu during fasting , starchy items such as Potatoes , Sago and Sweet potatoes are allowed .

null potatoes

359
While fasting in the month of Ramadan is considered Fard  , Islam also prescribes certain days for non-obligatory , voluntary fasting , such as : Fasting is forbidden on these days : Although fasting at Ramadan is fard  , exceptions are made for persons in particular circumstances : Jainism .

360
The Samguk Sagi was written on the basis of the Gu Samguksa  , and other earlier historical records such as the Hwarang Segi  , most of which are no longer extant .

most are extant Segi

361
The first five cover either periods , such as the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors , or individual dynasties , such as the Xia dynasty , Shang dynasty , and Zhou dynasty dynasties .

null Sovereigns

null Emperors

null dynasties

null dynasty

null dynasty

null dynasties

362
In this section , Sima Rangju chose to also include de facto rulers of China , such as Xiang Yu and Empress Lü Zhi , while excluding rulers who never held any real power , such as Emperor Yi of Chu and Emperor Hui of Han .

Rangju chose Yu

Rangju chose Zhi

Rangju chose Yi

Rangju chose Hui

363
Many of the earlier chapters are chronicle-like accounts of the leading states of the Zhou dynasty , such as the states of Qin (state) and Lu (state) , and two of the chapters go back as far as the Shang dynasty .

chapters are accounts states

364
Sima Qian began the Shiji with an account of the five rulers of supreme virtue , the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors who modern scholars , such as those from the Doubting Antiquity School , believe to be originally local deities of the peoples of ancient China .

Qian be began those

365
which inherited many of the local talk/lifestyle shows originated by the Belo -- such as Good Morning Texas on Dallas American Broadcasting Company affiliate WFAA -- prior to the 2014 acquisition of the latter group by the predecessor broadcasting unit of the Gannett Company .

which inherited Morning

366
The process involves a search engine Web crawler downloading a page and storing it on the search engine 's own server , where a second program , known as an search engine indexing , extracts various information about the page , such as the words it contains and where these are located , as well as any weight for specific words , and all links the page contains , which are then placed into a scheduler for Web crawler at a later date .

process are involves words

process are involves located

367
Identification of the Pope as the Antichrist was written into Protestant creeds such as the Westminster Confession of Faith of 1646 .

null Confession

368
They hold that the persecution of the true believers prophesied in Rev 17:6 is fulfilled in the persecution of the early believers who rejected the changes by the Roman Catholic Church and is seen in the persecution during the Middle Ages of anyone daring to oppose the Church such as the Albigensian Crusades in southern France and against the Waldensians and Huguenot , and especially the Inquisition .

They hold Crusades

They hold Crusades

369
In the 1980s John Negroponte predicted that wired technologies such as telephones would ultimately become unwired by using airwaves instead of wires or fiber optics , and that unwired technologies such as televisions will become wired , is commonly referred to as the Negroponte switch .

Negroponte predicted telephones

Negroponte predicted televisions

370
John Negroponte has influenced modern day futurists , such as David Houle (futurist) .

Negroponte influenced Houle

371
During the 1980 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A , the club participated in and won international friendly competitions , such as the Amsterdam Tournament and the Tournoi de Paris .

club participated Tournament

club participated Paris

372
Experiments conducted by Gustav Tornier from 1907-1918 on goldfish and embryos of frogs and newts were supported by neo-Lamarckians such as Cunningham and Ernest MacBride as demonstrating the inheritance of acquired characteristics .

null Cunningham

null MacBride

373
According to Peter J. Bowler : Supporters of neo-Lamarckism such as George Bernard Shaw and Arthur Koestler claimed that Lamarckism is more humane and optimistic than Darwinism .

Supporters is claimed Shaw

Supporters is claimed Koestler

374
Thomas Hunt Morgan Dickens and Qazi Rahman  have written epigenetic mechanisms such as DNA methylation and histone modification are genetically inherited under the control of natural selection and do not challenge the modern synthesis .

Dickens written methylation

375
They concluded the characteristics that are thought to be the result of Epigenetics may be caused by other factors such as behavioral changes , undetected mutations , Microbiota alterations or the transmission of metabolites .

They be concluded changes

They be concluded mutations

They be concluded alterations

They be concluded transmission

376
All other Prelate , including the religious institute Prelate such as abbots and major superiors , are based upon this original model of prelacy .

null null Prelate

377
Despite these reservations , the film was screened at the festival and won both the Italian Critics Award and the Golden Lion award -- introducing western audiences , including western directors , more noticeably to both Akira Kurosawa 's films and techniques , such as shooting directly into the sun and using mirrors to reflect sunlight onto the actor 's faces .

378
Radio transmitters and receivers are used to convey signals  in systems including broadcast  radio , television , mobile telephones , Wi-Fi  data networks , Trunking and point-to-point communications links  , satellite links , many remote controlled devices such as garage door openers , and wireless remote sensors , among many others .

null null radio

null null television

null null telephones

null null networks

null null Trunking

null null links

379
Pidgin (software) 's support for XMPP means that these Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol can be used to communicate via otherwise unsupported Network protocol , including not only instant messaging Network protocol , but also Network protocol such as SMS or E-mail .

support means only

support means protocol

380
The International Finance Centre 's towers have featured in several Hollywood films , including , where Lara Croft leaps off the then-under-construction 2 International Finance Centre , landing on a ship out in the Kowloon Bay , and The Dark Knight (film) , where Batman leapt from 2 International Finance Centre to 1 International Finance Centre , where an action scene then takes place .

381
Handley Page developed several large biplane airliners , including the luxurious Handley Page H.P.42 , for use on British Empire routes to Africa and India .

Page developed H.P.

382
However more ambitious movements also developed from this insight into human culture , initially Romanticism and Historicism , and eventually both the Communism of Karl Marx , and the modern forms of nationalism inspired by the French Revolution , including , in one extreme , the German Nazi movement .

383
With the advent of the Russian Revolution (1917) in 1917 , additional regulations and orders were added to make the membership in a number of organizations , including Socialism and Communism organizations , forbidden .

null null Socialism

null null organizations

384
The scientific objectives of the experiment fall into four areas including  measurement of the solar heating profile for studies of the thermal balance of Titan (moon) ;  imaging and spectral reflection measurements of the surface for studies of the composition , topography , and physical processes which form the surface as well as for direct measurements of the wind profile during the descent ;  measurements of the brightness and degree of linear polarization of scattered sunlight including the solar aureole together with measurements of the extinction optical depth of the Particulate as a function of wavelength and altitude to study the size , shape , vertical distribution , optical properties , sources and sinks of Particulate in Titan (moon) 's atmosphere ; and  measurements of the spectrum of downward solar flux to study the composition of the atmosphere , especially the mixing ratio profile of methane throughout the descent .

objectives fall measurement

objectives fall aureole

NoList: 1609

SuchAs: 379

NoList: 3

SuchAs: 2

1
Internet Start served as the default home page for Internet Explorer and offered basic information such as news , weather , sports , stocks , entertainment reports , links to other websites on the Internet , articles by Microsoft staff members , and software updates for Windows 8 .

Start served reports

2
The new website put MSN in direct competition with sites such as Yahoo! and Go Network .

website put Yahoo!

